

date = 1992-10-13
user = QUAYLE
This issue is an issue that divides Americans deeply. I happen to be pro-life.
I have been pro-life for my 16 years — — in public life. My objective and
the president ' s objective is to try to reduce abortions in this country.
We have 1 . 6 million abortions . We have more abortions in Washington,
DC, than we do live births . Why shouldn ' t we have more reflection upon
the issue before abor — the decision of abortion is made. I would hope
that we would agree upon that. Something like a 24-hour waiting period,
parental notification. I was in Los Angeles recently and I talked to a woman
who told me that she had an abortion when she was 17 years of age. And
looking back on that she said it was a mistake. She said — she said I wished
at that time, that I was going through this difficult time, that I had
counseling to talk about the post-abortion trauma, and talk about adoption
rather than abortion . Because if I had had that discussion, I would have
had the child. Let ' s not forget that every abortion stops a beating
heart. I think we have far too many abortions in this country, in this
country of ours.


date = 1984-10-11
user = FERRARO
Let me say first of all I believe very, very sincerely in the separation of
church and state. I ' m taking it from the historical viewpoint, if you go back
to the 1600s when people came here, the reason they came to this country was to
escape religious persecution, and that ' s the same reason why people are
coming here today in the 1940s to escape Nazism, now in the 1980s and 1984 when
they can get our of the country to escape communism so they can come here and
practice their religion . Our country is founded on the principle that our
government should be neutral as far as religion is concerned. Now what ' s
happened over the past several years, and quite frankly I ' m not going to let
you lay on me the intrusion of state politics into religion or religion
into politics by my comments with reference to the president ' s policies,
because it started in 1980 when this administration was running for office and
the Reverend Jerry Falwell became very, very involved in the campaign. What has
happened over the past four years has been I think a real fudging of that line
with the separation of church and state. The actions of the archbishops let me
say to you I feel that they have not only a right but a responsibility to speak
up, and even though I ' ve been the person that they ' re speaking up about, l
feel they do have the responsibility to do so, and I have no problem with it,
no more than I did a priest who marched at the time of Vietnam and no more than
I did at the time when Martin Luther King marched at the time of the civil
rights marches. I have absolutely no problem with them speaking up, I think
they have an obligation as well as a right. But what I do have a problem with
is when the president of the United States gets up in Dallas and addresses a
group of individuals and said to them that anybody who doesn ' t support his
constitutional amendment for prayer in the schools is intolerant of
religion . Now there are numerous groups who don ' t support that
prayer in the school, numerous religious groups. Are they intolerant of
religion ? Is that what the president is saying? I also object, when I am
told, that the Reverend Falwell has been told that he would pick two of our
Supreme Court justices. That ' s going a little bit far. In that instance, let
me say to you it is more than a fudging at the line, it is a total intrusion,
and I think that it ' s in violation of our Constitution.


date = 2000-10-05
user = CHENEY
The abortion issue is a very tough one, without question, and a very
important one. Governor Bush and I have emphasized while, while we are clearly
both pro-life, thatâ€ trade_mark_e s what we believe. We want to reduce the
incidence of abortion on our society. Many on the pro-choice side have said
the same thing. Even Bill Clinton has advocated reducing abortion to make
it as rare as possible. With respect to the question of RU-486 , we believe
that — of course, that it ' s recently been approved by the FDA. That really
was a question of whether or not it was safe to be used by women. They didn ' t
address the sort of the question of whether or not there should or should not
be abortion in the society so much as evaluate that particular drug. What
we would like to be able to do is to look for ways to reach across the divide
between the two points of view and find things that we can do together to
reduce the incidence of abortion . Such things as promoting adoption as an
alternative. Encouraging parental notification. And we also think banning the
horrific practice of partial birth abortions is an area where there
could be agreement. Congress has twice passed by overwhelming margins, a
significant number of votes from both parties, the ban on partial birth
abortions . Twice it ' s been vetoed by Bill Clinton and Al Gore. We would
hope eventually they would recognize that ' s not a good position for them to
be in. With respect to the RU-486 proposal, at this stage I haven ' t looked in
particular at that particular piece of legislation. Governor Bush made it clear
the other night he did not anticipate that he would be able to go in and direct
the FDA to reverse course on that particular issue, primarily because the
decision they made was on the drug, not the question of whether or not it would
support abortion .


date = 2000-10-03
user = BUSH
I don ' t think a president can do that. I was disappointed in the ruling
because I think abortions ought to be more rare in America, and I ' m
worried that that pill will create more abortions and cause more people to
have abortions . This is a very important topic and it ' s a very sensitive
topic, because a lot of good people disagree on the issue. I think what the
next president ought to do is to promote a culture of life in America. Life of
the elderly and life of those living all across the country. Life of the
unborn. As a matter of fact, I think a noble goal for this country is that
every child, born or unborn, need to be protected by law and welcomed to life.
I know we need to change a lot of minds before we get there in America. What I
do believe is that we can find good, common ground on issues of parental
consent or parental notification. I know we need to ban partial birth
abortions . This is a place where my opponent and I have strong
disagreement. I believe banning partial birth abortions would be a
positive step to reducing the number of abortions in America. This is an
issue that will require a new attitude. We ' ve been battling over abortion
for a long period of time. Surely this nation can come together to promote the
value of life. Surely we can fight off these laws that will encourage doctors
to — to allow doctors to take the lives of our seniors. Surely we can work
together to create a cultural life so some of these youngsters who feel like
they can take a neighbor ' s life with a gun will understand that that ' s not
the way America is meant to be. Surely we can find common ground to reduce the
number of abortions in America. As to the drug itself, I mentioned I was
disappointed. I hope the FDA took its time to make sure that American women
will be safe who use this drug.


date = 1984-10-11
user = BUSH
I do believe in pluralism. I do believe in separation of church and state. I
don ' t consider abortion a religious issue. I consider it a moral
issue. I believe the archbishop has every right to do everything he wants in
that direction, just as I never faulted Jesse Jackson from taking his message
to the black pulpits all across this country, just as I never objected when the
nuclear arms, the nuclear freeze or the antinuclear people – many of those
movements were led by priests. Suddenly, because a Catholic bishop or an
evangelist feels strongly on a political issue, people are saying it ' s
merging of church and state. We favor – and I speak confidently for the
president – we favor separation of church and state. We favor pluralism. Now
somebody says you ought to restore prayer in schools. You don ' t think it
' s right to prohibit a kid from praying in schools. For years kids were
allowed to pray in schools. We don ' t think that ' s a merger of church and
stare to have nonmandatory voluntary, nongovernment-ordered prayer . And
yet some are accusing us of injecting religion into politics. I have no
problem with what the archbishop does, and I have no problem with what the
evangelists on the right do and I have no problem what the priests on the left
do. And it didn ' t bother me when during the Vietnam War much of the
opposition to the government – Democrat and Republican governments – was
led by priests, encouraging people to break the law and the adage of the –
you know – the civil disobedience thing. So our position, separation of
church and stare, pluralism, so no little kid with a minority religion of
some sort is going to feel offended or feel left out or feel uncomfortable.
But, yes, prayer in school on a voluntary basis worked for many, many years
until the Supreme Court ruled differently And I ' m glad we got this question
because I think there ' s been too much said about religion and politics.
We don ' t believe in denominationally moving in. It wasn ' t our side that
raised the question about our president whether he was a good Christian or not
and so I, so that ' s our position – separation of church and state,
pluralism, respect for all.


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._NIXON
I would say that the issue will stay with us as a campaign issue just as long
as Senator Kennedy persists in what I think is a fundamental error. He says he
supports the President ' s position. He says that he voted for the resolution.
Well just let me point this out; he voted for the resolution in 1955 which gave
the president the power to use the forces of the United States to defend
Formosa and the offshore islands . But he also voted then for an amendment
– which was lost, fortunately – an amendment which would have drawn a
line and left out those islands and denied the p- right to the president to
defend those islands if he thought that it was an attack on Formosa. He
repeated that error in 1959 , in the speech that he made. He repeated it again
in a television debate that we had. Now, my point is this: Senator Kennedy has
got to be consistent here. Either he ' s for the President and he ' s against
the position that those who opposed the President in fifty-five and fifty-nine
– and the Senator ' s position itself, stated the other day in our debate –
either he is for the President and against that position or we simply have a
disagreement here that must continue to be debated. Now if the Senator in his
answer to this question will say " I now will depart, or retract my previous
views; I think I was wrong in I 955 ; I think I was wrong in 1959 ; and I think
I was wrong in our television debate to say that we should draw a line
leaving out Quemoy and Matsu – draw a line in effect abandoning these
islands to the Communists; " then this will be right out of the campaign
because there will be no issue between us. I support the President ' s
position. I have always opposed drawing a line. I have opposed drawing
a line because I know that the moment you draw a line, that is an
encouragement for the Communists to attack – to step up their blackmail and
to force you into the war that none of us want. And so I would hope that
Senator Kennedy in his answer today would clear it up. It isn ' t enough for
him to say " I support the President ' s position, that I voted for the
resolution. " Of course, he voted for the resolution – it was virtually
unanimous. But the point is, what about his error in voting for the amendment,
which was not adopted, and then persisting in it in fifty-nine, persisting in
it in the debate. It ' s very simple for him to clear it up. He can say now
that he no longer believes that a line should be drawn leaving these
islands out of the perimeter of defense. If he says that, this issue will
not be discussed in the campaign.


date = 1984-10-07
user = THE_PRESIDENT
I have believed that in the appointment of judges that all that was specified
in the party platform was that they respect the sanctity of human life. Now,
that I would want to see in any judge and with regard to any issue having to do
with human life. But with regard to abortion , and I have a feeling that
this is — there ' s been some reference without naming it here in the remarks
of Mr. Mondale tied to injecting religion into government. With me,
abortion is not a problem of religion , it ' s a problem of the
Constitution. I believe that until and unless someone can establish that the
unborn child is not a living human being, then that child is already protected
by the Constitution, which guarantees life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness to all of us. And I think that this is what we should concentrate on,
is trying — I know there were weeks and weeks of testimony before a Senate
committee, there were medical authorities, there were religious — there
were clerics there — everyone talking about this matter of prolife. And at
the end of all of that, not one shred of evidence was introduced that the
unborn child was not alive. We have seen premature births that are now
grown-up, happy people going around. Also, there is a strange dichotomy in this
whole position about our courts ruling that abortion is not the taking of a
human life. In California, sometime ago, a man beat a woman so savagely that
her unborn child was born dead with a fractured skull, and the California State
Legislature unanimously passed a law that was signed by the then-Democratic
Governor — signed a law that said that any man who so abuses a pregnant woman
that he causes the death of her unborn child shall be charged with murder. Now,
isn ' t it strange that that same woman could have taken the life of her unborn
child, and it was abortion and not murder, but if somebody else does it,
that ' s murder? And it used the term " death of the unborn child. " So, this
has been my feeling about abortion , that we have a problem now to
determine — and all the evidence so far comes down on the side of the unborn
child being a living human being.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._NIXON
Well I welcome this opportunity to join Senator Kennedy completely on that
statement and to say before this largest television audience in history
something that I have been saying in the past and want to – will always say
in the future. On our last television debate, I pointed out that it was my
position that Americans must choose the best man that either party could
produce. We can ' t settle for anything but the best. And that means, of
course, the best man that this nation can produce. And that means that we can '
t have any test of religion . We can ' t have any test of race. It must be
a test of a man. Also as far as religion is concerned. I have seen
Communism abroad. I see what it does. Communism is the enemy of all
religions ; and we who do believe in God must join together. We must not be
divided on this issue. The worst thing that I can think can happen in this
campaign would be for it to be decided on religious issues. I obviously
repudiate the Klan; I repudiate anybody who uses the religious issue; I
will not tolerate it, I have ordered all of my people to have nothing to do
with it and I say – say to this great audience, whoever may be listening,
remember, if you believe in America, if you want America to set the right
example to the world, that we cannot have religious or racial prejudice. We
cannot have it in our hearts. But we certainly cannot have it in a presidential


date = 2016-10-09
user = CLINTON
Well, first of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a
risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children—think of that
picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead
because he ' d been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are
children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe, because of
Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We by no means are carrying
anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting
that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence
experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy, you know, not to
say, as Donald has said, we ' re going to ban people based on a religion .
How do you do that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and
liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress
within our own county? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly
into our country? And how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I
thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous . And
indeed, you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites, and
what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters, because they
want to create a war between us. And the final thing I would say, this is the
10th or 12th time that he ' s denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on
tape. The entire press corps has looked at it. It ' s been debunked, but it
never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say.


date = 1976-10-22
user = MR._CARTER
I would not work hard to support any of those. Uh – we ' ve always had, I
think, a lot of constitutional amendments proposed, but the passage of them
has been uh – fairly slow, and uh – few and far between. In the
two-hundred-year history there ' s been a very uh – cautious approach to
this. We – quite often we have a transient problem. I – I ' m strongly
against a- abortion . I think abortion ' s wrong. I don ' t think the
government oughta do anything to encourage abortion . But I don ' t favor a
constitutional amendment on the subject. But short of the
constitutional amendment, and within the confines of the Supreme Court
rulings, I ' ll do everything I can to minimize the need for abortions with
better sex education, family planning, with better adoptive procedures. I
personally don ' t believe that the federal government oughta finance
abortions , but I – I draw the line and don ' t support a
constitutional amendment. However, I honor the right of people who seek the
constitutional amendments on school busing, on uh – prayer in the
schools and an abortion . But among those you named, I won ' t actively
work for the passage of any of them.


date = 2020-10-22
user = BIDEN
Number one. He says that we ' re, you know, we ' re learning to live with it.
People are learning to die with it. You folks home will have an empty chair at
the kitchen table this morning. That man or wife going to bed tonight and
reaching over to try to touch their, out of habit, where their wife or husband
was, is gone. Learning to live with it? Come on. We ' re dying with it, because
he ' s never said — he said it ' s dangerous . When ' s the last time? Is
it really dangerous , still? Are we dangerous ? You tell the people it
' s dangerous now? What should they do about the danger? And you say, I
take no responsibility.


date = 2020-10-22
user = BIDEN
My response is that, think about what the President knew in January and
didn ' t tell the American people. He was told this was a serious virus that
spread in the air, and it was much worse than — much worse — than the flu.
He went on record and said to one of your colleagues, recorded, that in fact he
knew how dangerous it was but he didn ' t want to tell us, didn ' t want to
tell us because he didn ' t want us to panic. He didn ' t want us — Americans
don ' t panic. He panicked. But, guess what, in the meantime, we find out in
the New York Times the other day that in fact, his folks went to Wall Street
and said, ' this is a really dangerous thing, ' and a memo out of that
meeting — not from his administration, but from some of the brokers — said,
' sell short, because we gotta get moving. It ' s a dangerous problem. '


date = 2008-10-02
user = PALIN
Both are extremely dangerous , of course. And as for who termed that
central war on terror being in Iraq, it was General Petraeus and al Qaeda, both
leaders there and it ' s probably the only thing that they ' re ever going to
agree on, but that it was a central war on terror is in Iraq. You don ' t have
to believe me or John McCain on that. I would believe Petraeus and that leader
of al Qaeda. An armed, nuclear armed especially, Iran is so extremely
dangerous to consider. They cannot be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons
period. Israel is in jeopardy of course when we ' re dealing with Ahmadinejad
as a leader of Iran. Iran claiming that Israel is, he termed it, a stinking
corpse, a country that should be wiped off the face of the earth. Now a leader
like Ahmadinejad who is not sane or stable when he says things like that is not
one whom we can allow to acquire nuclear energy, nuclear weapons. Ahmadinejad,
Kim Jong Il, the Castro brothers, others who are dangerous dictators are
ones that Barack Obama has said he would be willing to meet with without
preconditions being met first. An issue like that taken up by a presidential
candidate goes beyond naivete and goes beyond poor judgment. A statement that
he made like that is downright dangerous , because leaders like Ahmadinejad
who would seek to acquire nuclear weapons and wipe off the face of the earth an
ally like we have in Israel should not be met with without preconditions and
diplomatic efforts being undertaken first.


date = 2016-10-04
user = KAINE
Yeah, that ' s an easy one for me, Elaine. It ' s an easy one. I ' m really
fortunate. I grew up in a wonderful household with great Irish Catholic
parents. My mom and dad are sitting right here. I was educated by Jesuits at
Rockhurst High School in Kansas City. My 40th reunion is in 10 days. And I
worked with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras, now nearly 35 years ago, and they
were the heroes of my life. I try to practice my religion in a very devout
way and follow the teachings of my church in my own personal life. But I don '
t believe in this nation, a First Amendment nation, where we don ' t raise any
religion over the other, and we allow people to worship as they please,
that the doctrines of any one religion should be mandated for everyone. For
me, the hardest struggle in my faith life was the Catholic Church is against
the death penalty and so am I. But I was governor of a state, and the state law
said that there was a death penalty for crimes if the jury determined them to
be heinous. And so I had to grapple with that. When I was running for governor,
I was attacked pretty strongly because of my position on the death penalty. But
I looked the voters of Virginia in the eye and said, look, this is my
religion . I ' m not going to change my religious practice to get one
vote, but I know how to take an oath and uphold the law. And if you elect me, I
will uphold the law. And I was elected, and I did. It was very, very difficult
to allow executions to go forward, but in circumstances where I didn ' t feel
like there was a case for clemency, I told Virginia voters I would uphold the
law, and I did. That was a real struggle. But I think it is really, really
important that those of us who have deep faith lives don ' t feel like we could
just substitute our own views for everybody else in society, regardless of
their views.


date = 2012-10-11
user = RYAN
I don ' t see how a person can separate their public life from their private
life or from their faith. Our faith informs us in everything we do. My faith
informs me about how to take care of the vulnerable, of how to make sure that
people have a chance in life. Now, you want to ask basically why I ' m
pro-life? It ' s not simply because of my Catholic faith. That ' s a factor, of
course. But it ' s also because of reason and science. You know, I think about
10 1 / 2 years ago, my wife Janna and I went to Mercy Hospital in Janesville
where I was born, for our seven week ultrasound for our firstborn child, and we
saw that heartbeat. A little baby was in the shape of a bean. And to this day,
we have nicknamed our firstborn child Liza, " Bean. " Now I believe that life
begins at conception. That ' s why — those are the reasons why I ' m
pro-life. Now I understand this is a difficult issue, and I respect people who
don ' t agree with me on this, but the policy of a Romney administration will
be to oppose abortions with the exceptions for rape, incest and life of the
mother. What troubles me more is how this administration has handled all of
these issues. Look at what they ' re doing through Obamacare with respect to
assaulting the religious liberties of this country. They ' re infringing
upon our first freedom, the freedom of religion , by infringing on Catholic
charities, Catholic churches, Catholic hospitals. Our church should not have to
sue our federal government to maintain their religious liberties. And with
respect to abortion , the Democratic Party used to say they wanted it to be
safe, legal and rare. Now they support it without restriction and with taxpayer
funding. Taxpayer funding in Obamacare, taxpayer funding with foreign aid. The
vice president himself went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldn '
t second guess their one child policy of forced abortions and
sterilizations. That to me is pretty extreme.


date = 2008-09-26
user = MCCAIN
Well, I was interested in Senator Obama ' s reaction to the Russian
aggression against Georgia. His first statement was, " Both sides ought to show
restraint. " Again, a little bit of naivete there. He doesn ' t understand that
Russia committed serious aggression against Georgia. And Russia has now become
a nation fueled by petro-dollars that is basically a KGB apparatchik-run
government. I looked into Mr. Putin ' s eyes, and I saw three letters, a " K, "
a " G, " and a " B. " And their aggression in Georgia is not acceptable
behavior. I don ' t believe we ' re going to go back to the Cold War. I am sure
that that will not happen. But I do believe that we need to bolster our friends
and allies. And that wasn ' t just about a problem between Georgia and Russia.
It had everything to do with energy. There ' s a pipeline that runs from the
Caspian through Georgia through Turkey. And, of course, we know that the
Russians control other sources of energy into Europe, which they have used
from time to time. It ' s not accidental that the presidents of Latvia,
Estonia, Lithuania, Poland, and Ukraine flew to Georgia, flew to Tbilisi, where
I have spent significant amount of time with a great young president, Misha
Saakashvili. And they showed solidarity with them, but, also, they are very
concerned about the Russian threats to regain their status of the old
Russian to regain their status of the old Russian empire. Now, I think
the Russians ought to understand that we will support — we, the United
States — will support the inclusion of Georgia and Ukraine in the natural
process, inclusion into NATO. We also ought to make it very clear that the
Russians are in violation of their cease-fire agreement. They have
stationed additional troops in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. By the way, I went
there once, and we went inside and drove in, and there was a huge poster. And
this is — this is Georgian territory. And there was a huge poster of Vladimir
Putin, and it said, " Vladimir Putin, our president. " It was very clear, the
Russian intentions towards Georgia. They were just waiting to seize the
opportunity. So, this is a very difficult situation. We want to work with the
Russians . But we also have every right to expect the Russians to
behave in a fashion and keeping with a — with a — with a country who
respects international boundaries and the norms of international behavior. And
watch Ukraine. This whole thing has got a lot to do with Ukraine, Crimea, the
base of the Russian fleet in Sevastopol. And the breakdown of the political
process in Ukraine between Tymoshenko and Yushchenko is a very serious problem.
So watch Ukraine, and let ' s make sure that we — that the Ukrainians
understand that we are their friend and ally.


date = 2008-10-15
user = OBAMA
Yes, let me respond to this. If it sounds incredible that I would vote to
withhold lifesaving treatment from an infant, that ' s because it ' s not true.
The — here are the facts. There was a bill that was put forward before the
Illinois Senate that said you have to provide lifesaving treatment and that
would have helped to undermine Roe v. Wade. The fact is that there was already
a law on the books in Illinois that required providing lifesaving treatment,
which is why not only myself but pro-choice Republicans and Democrats voted
against it. And the Illinois Medical Society, the organization of doctors in
Illinois, voted against it. Their Hippocratic Oath would have required them to
provide care, and there was already a law in the books. With respect to
partial-birth abortion , I am completely supportive of a ban on late-term
abortions , partial-birth or otherwise, as long as there ' s an exception
for the mother ' s health and life, and this did not contain that exception.
And I attempted, as many have in the past, of including that so that it is
constitutional . And that was rejected, and that ' s why I voted present,
because I ' m willing to support a ban on late-term abortions as long as we
have that exception. The last point I want to make on the issue of abortion
. This is an issue that — look, it divides us. And in some ways, it may be
difficult to — to reconcile the two views. But there surely is some common
ground when both those who believe in choice and those who are opposed to
abortion can come together and say, " We should try to prevent unintended
pregnancies by providing appropriate education to our youth, communicating that
sexuality is sacred and that they should not be engaged in cavalier activity,
and providing options for adoption, and helping single mothers if they want to
choose to keep the baby. " Those are all things that we put in the Democratic
platform for the first time this year, and I think that ' s where we can find
some common ground, because nobody ' s pro-abortion. I think it ' s always a
tragic situation. We should try to reduce these circumstances.


date = 2004-10-08
user = BUSH
I ' m trying to decipher that. My answer is, we ' re not going to spend
taxpayers ' money on abortion . This is an issue that divides America, but
certainly reasonable people can agree on how to reduce abortions in
America. I signed the partial-birth — the ban on partial-birth abortion .
It ' s a brutal practice. It ' s one way to help reduce abortions . My
opponent voted against the ban. I think there ought to be parental notification
laws. He ' s against them. I signed a bill called the Unborn Victims of
Violence Act. In other words, if you ' re a mom and you ' re pregnant and you
get killed, the murderer gets tried for two cases, not just one. My opponent
was against that. These are reasonable ways to help promote a culture of life
in America. I think it is a worthy goal in America to have every child
protected by law and welcomed in life. I also think we ought to continue to
have good adoption law as an alternative to abortion . And we need to
promote maternity group homes, which my administration has done. Culture of
life is really important for a country to have if it ' s going to be a
hospitable society. Thank you.


date = 2004-09-30
user = KERRY
Thirty-five to forty countries in the world had a greater capability of making
weapons at the moment the president invaded than Saddam Hussein. And while he '
s been diverted, with 9 out of 10 active duty divisions of our Army, either
going to Iraq, coming back from Iraq, or getting ready to go, North Korea ' s
gotten nuclear weapons and the world is more dangerous . Iran is moving
toward nuclear weapons and the world is more dangerous . Darfur has a
genocide. The world is more dangerous . I ' d have made a better choice.


date = 1988-10-13
user = DUKAKIS
Margaret, Kitty and I had very much the same kind of experience that the Bushes
had: we lost a baby, lived about twenty minutes after it was born. But isn ' t
the real question that we have to answer not how many exceptions we make,
because the vice president himself is prepared to make exceptions. It ' s who
makes the decision, who makes this very difficult, very wrenching decision? (
Applause ) And I think it has to be the woman, in the exercise of her own
conscience and religious beliefs, that makes that decision. Who are we to
say, well, under certain circumstances, it ' s all right, but under other
circumstances it isn ' t? That ' s a decision that only a woman can make, after
consulting her conscience and consulting her religious principles. And I
would hope that we would give to women in this country the right to make that
decision, and to make it in the exercise of their conscience and religious
beliefs. ( Applause )
