

date = 2012-10-16
user = ROMNEY
Thank you very much. And let me tell you, you ' re absolutely right about part
of that, which is I want to bring the rates down, I want to simplify the
tax code, and I want to get middle- income taxpayers to have lower
taxes . And the reason I want middle-income taxpayers to have lower
taxes is because middle-income taxpayers have been buried over the past
four years. You ' ve seen, as middle-income people in this country,
incomes go down $4 , 300 a family , even as gasoline prices have gone
up $2 , 000 . Health insurance premiums , up $2 , 500 . Food prices
up. Utility prices up. The middle-income families in America have been
crushed over the last four years. So I want to get some relief to
middle-income families . That ' s part — that ' s part one. Now, how
about deductions? ' Cause I ' m going to bring rates down across the board
for everybody, but I ' m going to limit deductions and exemptions and credits,
particularly for people at the high end, because I am not going to have
people at the high end pay less than they ' re paying now. The
top 5 percent of taxpayers will continue to pay 60 percent of the
income tax the nation collects. So that ' ll stay the same.
Middle-income people are going to get a tax break. And so, in terms of
bringing down deductions, one way of doing that would be say everybody gets —
I ' ll pick a number — $25 , 000 of deductions and credits, and you can
decide which ones to use. Your home mortgage interest deduction, charity,
child tax credit, and so forth, you can use those as part of filling that
bucket, if you will, of deductions. But your rate comes down and the burden
also comes down on you for one more reason, and that is every middle-income
taxpayer no longer will pay any tax on interest , dividends or
capital gains . No tax on your savings . That makes life a lot
easier. If you ' re getting interest from a bank, if you ' re getting a
statement from a mutual fund or any other kind of investment you have,
you don ' t have to worry about filing taxes on that, because there ' ll be
no taxes for anybody making $200 , 000 . 00 per year and less, on your
interest , dividends and capital gains . Why am I lowering
taxes on the middle-class? Because under the last four years, they ' ve
been buried. And I want to help people in the middle-class. And I will not
— I will not under any circumstances, reduce the share that ' s being
paid by the highest income taxpayers. And I will not, under any
circumstances increase taxes on the middle-class. The president ' s
spending , the president ' s borrowing will cost this nation to have to
raise taxes on the American people . Not just at the high end.
A recent study has shown the people in the middle-class will see $4 , 000 .
00 per year in higher taxes as a result of the spending and
borrowing of this administration. I will not let that happen. I want to get us
on track to a balanced budget , and I ' m going to reduce the tax
burden on middle income families . And what ' s that going to do?
It ' s going to help those families , and it ' s going to create
incentives to start growing jobs again in this country.


date = 2012-10-11
user = RYAN
Our entire premise of these tax reform plans is to grow the
economy and create jobs . It ' s a plan that ' s estimated to
create 7 million jobs . Now, we think that government taking 28
percent of a family and business ' s income is enough.
President Obama thinks that the government ought to be able to take as much
as 44 . 8 percent of a small business ' s income . Look, if you
taxed every person and successful business making over $250 , 000 at
100 percent , it would only run the government for 98 days. If
everybody who paid income taxes last year, including successful
small businesses , doubled their income taxes this year, we ' d
still have a $300 billion deficit . You see? There aren ' t enough rich
people and small businesses to tax to pay for all their
spending . And so the next time you hear them say, " Don ' t worry about
it, we ' ll get a few wealthy people to pay their fair share, "
watch out, middle class , the tax bill ' s coming to you. That
' s why we ' re saying we need fundamental tax reform . Let ' s take a
look at it this way. Eight out of 10 businesses , they file their taxes
as individuals, not as corporations. And where I come from, overseas, which is
Lake Superior, the Canadians, they dropped their tax rates to 15
percent . The average tax rate on businesses in the
industrialized world is 25 percent , and the president wants the top
effective tax rate on successful small businesses to go above
40 percent . Two-thirds of our jobs come from small businesses
. This one tax would actually tax about 53 percent of
small-business income . It ' s expected to cost us 710 , 000 jobs .
And you know what? It doesn ' t even pay for 10 percent of their
proposed deficit spending increases . What we are saying is,
lower tax rates across the board and close loopholes, primarily to
the higher-income people . We have three bottom lines: Don ' t raise
the deficit , don ' t raise taxes on the middle class , and
don ' t lower the share of income that is borne by the high-income earners.
He ' ll keep saying this $5 trillion plan , I suppose. It ' s been
discredited by six other studies. And even their own deputy campaign manager
acknowledged that it wasn ' t correct.


date = 2012-10-16
user = OBAMA
My philosophy on taxes has been simple. And that is, I want to give
middle-class families and folks who are striving to get into the
middle-class some relief . Because they have been hit hard over the
last decade. Over the last 15 , over the last 20 years. So four years ago I
stood on a stage just like this one. Actually it was a town hall, and I said I
would cut taxes for middle- class families , and that ' s what
I ' ve done, by $3 , 600 . 00 . I said I would cut taxes for small
businesses , who are the drivers and engines of growth . And we ' ve
cut them 18 times. And I want to continue those tax cuts for
middle-class families , and for small business . But what I ' ve
also said is, if we ' re serious about reducing the deficit , if this is
genuinely a moral obligation to the next generation, then in addition to some
tough spending cuts , we ' ve also got to make sure that the
wealthy do a little bit more. So what I ' ve said is, your first $250 , 000
. 00 worth of income , no change. And that means 98 percent of American
families , 97 percent of small businesses , they will not see a
tax increase . I ' m ready to sign that bill right now. The
only reason it ' s not happening is because Governor Romney ' s allies in
Congress have held the 98 percent hostage because they want tax breaks
for the top 2 percent . But what I ' ve also says is for above $250 , 000 ,
we can go back to the tax rates we had when Bill Clinton was
president. We created 23 million new jobs . That ' s part of what took
us from deficits to surplus. It will be good for our economy and it
will be good for job creation. Now, Governor Romney has a different
philosophy. He was on 60 Minutes just two weeks ago and he was asked - Is it
fair for somebody like you, making $20 million a year, to pay a
lower tax rate than a nurse or a bus driver, somebody making $50 ,
000 year? And he said, " Yes, I think that ' s fair . " Not only that, he
said, " I think that ' s what grows the economy . " Well, I
fundamentally disagree with that. I think what grows the economy is
when you get that tax credit that we put in place for your kids going
to college . I think that grows the economy . I think what
grows the economy is when we make sure small businesses are
getting a tax credit for hiring veterans who fought for our country. That
grows our economy . So we just have a different theory. And when
Governor Romney stands here, after a year of campaigning, when during a
Republican primary he stood on stage and said " I ' m going to give tax
cuts " — he didn ' t say tax rate cuts , he said " tax
cuts to everybody, " including the top 1 percent , you should believe
him because that ' s been his history. And that ' s exactly the kind of
top-down economics that is not going to work if we want a strong
middle class and an economy that ' s striving for everybody.


date = 2012-10-03
user = ROMNEY
Well, sure. I ' d like to clear up the record and go through it piece by piece.
First of all, I don ' t have a $5 trillion tax cut . I don ' t have a
tax cut of a scale that you ' re talking about. My view is that we
ought to provide tax relief to people in the middle class .
But I ' m not going to reduce the share of taxes paid by high-income
people . High-income people are doing just fine in this economy .
They ' ll do fine whether you ' re president or I am. The people who are
having the hard time right now are middle- income Americans. Under the
president ' s policies, middle-income Americans have been buried. They ' re
just being crushed. Middle- income Americans have seen their income
come down by $4 , 300 . This is a — this is a tax in and of itself. I '
ll call it the economy tax . It ' s been crushing. At the same time,
gasoline prices have doubled under the president. Electric rates are up.
Food prices are up. Health care costs have gone up by $2 , 500 a
family . Middle-income families are being crushed. And so the question
is how to get them going again. And I ' ve described it. It ' s energy and
trade, the right kind of training programs , balancing our budget
and helping small business . Those are the — the cornerstones of my
plan . But the president mentioned a couple of other ideas I ' ll just
note. First, education . I agree: Education is key, particularly the
future of our economy . But our training programs right now, we ' ve
got 47 of them, housed in the federal government , reporting to eight
different agencies. Overhead is overwhelming. We ' ve got to get those
dollars back to the states and go to the workers so they can create
their own pathways to get in the training they need for jobs that will
really help them. The second area, taxation, we agree, we ought to bring the
tax rates down. And I do, both for corporations and for individuals.
But in order for us not to lose revenue, have the government run out of
money , I also lower deductions and credits and exemptions, so that we
keep taking in the same money when you also account for growth . The
third area, energy . Energy is critical, and the president pointed out
correctly that production of oil and gas in the U. S. is up. But not due to his
policies. In spite of his policies. Mr. President, all of the increase in
natural gas and oil has happened on private land, not on government
land. On government land, your administration has cut the number of
permits and licenses in half. If I ' m president, I ' ll double them, and also
get the — the oil from offshore and Alaska. And I ' ll bring that pipeline in
from Canada. And, by the way, I like coal. I ' m going to make sure we can
continue to burn clean coal. People in the coal industry feel like it ' s
getting crushed by your policies. I want to get America and North America
energy independent so we can create those jobs . And finally, with
regards to that tax cut , look, I ' m not looking to cut massive
taxes and to reduce the — the revenues going to the government . My
— my number-one principal is, there will be no tax cut that adds to
the deficit . I want to underline that: no tax cut that adds to the
deficit . But I do want to reduce the burden being paid by
middle-income Americans. And I — and to do that, that also means I cannot
reduce the burden paid by high-income Americans. So any — any language to
the contrary is simply not accurate. LEHRER: Mr. President?


date = 2012-10-03
user = OBAMA
Well, for 18 months he ' s been running on this tax plan . And now,
five weeks before the election, he ' s saying that his big , bold idea is,
" Never mind. " And the fact is that if you are lowering the rates the way
you described, Governor, then it is not possible to come up with enough
deductions and loopholes that only affect high-income individuals to avoid
either raising the deficit or burdening the middle class . It '
s — it ' s math. It ' s arithmetic. Now, Governor Romney and I do share a
deep interest in encouraging small-business growth . So at the same
time that my tax plan has already lowered taxes for 98 percent
of families , I also lowered taxes for small businesses 18
times. And what I want to do is continue the tax rates — the tax
cuts that we put into place for small businesses and
families . But I have said that for incomes over $250 , 000 a year,
that we should go back to the rates that we had when Bill Clinton was
president, when we created 23 million new jobs , went from deficit
to surplus, and created a whole lot of millionaires to boot. And the reason
this is important is because by doing that, we cannot only reduce the
deficit , we cannot only encourage job growth through small
businesses , but we ' re also able to make the investments that are
necessary in education or in energy . And we do have a difference,
though, when it comes to definitions of small business . Under —
under my plan , 97 percent of small businesses would not see
their income taxes go up. Governor Romney says, well, those top 3
percent , they ' re the job creators, they ' d be burdened. But under
Governor Romney ' s definition, there are a whole bunch of millionaires and
billionaires who are small businesses . Donald Trump is a small
business . Now, I know Donald Trump doesn ' t like to think of himself as
small anything, but — but that ' s how you define small
businesses if you ' re getting business income . And that kind of
approach, I believe, will not grow our economy , because the only way
to pay for it without either burdening the middle class or blowing
up our deficit is to make drastic cuts in things like education ,
making sure that we are continuing to invest in basic science and research, all
the things that are helping America grow . And I think that would be a


date = 1976-09-23
user = MR._CARTER
Now we have uh such a grossly unbalanced tax system – as I said earlier,
that it is a disgrace – ah of all the tax – benefits now, 25
percent of ' em go to the 1 percent of the richest people in this
country. Over 50 percent – 53 to be exact – percent of the tax
benefits go to the 14 percent richest people in this country, and
we ' ve had a 50 percent increase in payroll deductions since Mr. Nixon
went in office eight years ago. Mr. Ford has – has advocated since he ' s
been in office over $5 billion in reductions for corporations, special
interest groups, and the very, very wealthy who derive their income
– not from labor – but from investments . That ' s got to be changed. A
few things that can be done: we have now a deferral system so that the
multinational corporations who invest overseas – if they make a million
dollars in profits overseas – they don ' t have to pay any of their
taxes unless they bring their money back into this country. When they
don ' t pay their taxes , the average American pays the taxes
for them. Not only that, but it robs this country of jobs , because instead
of coming back with that million dollars and creating a shoe factory,
say in New Hampshire or Vermont, if the company takes the money down to
Italy and – and builds a shoe factory, they don ' t have to pay any
taxes on the money . Another thing is a system called DISC which was
originally designed, proposed by Mr. Nixon, to encourage exports. This
permits a company to create uh – a dummy corporation, to export their
products, and then not to pay the full amount of taxes on them.
This costs our uh – government about uh – $1 . 4 billion a
year. And when those rich corporations don ' t pay that tax , the
average American taxpayer pays it for ' em. Another one that ' s uh –
that ' s very important is the uh – is the business deductions, uh –
jet airplanes, uh – first class travel, the fifty-dollar martini lunch.
The average working person can ' t – uh – can ' t take advantage of
that, but the – the wealthier people – uh can. Uh – another
system is where uhh – a dentist can invest money in say, raising
cattle and uh – can put in a hundred thousand dollars of his own
money , borrow nine hundred thousand dollars – nine hundred mi-
thousand dollars – that makes a million – and mark off a great
amount of uh – of loss uh – through that procedure. Uh – there was
one example, for instance, where uh – somebody uh – produced pornographic
movies. They put in $30 thousand of their own money and got a hundred
and twenty thousand dollars in tax savings . Well, these special
kinds of programs have – have robbed the average taxpayer and have
benefited those who are powerful, and who can employ lobbyists, and who can
have their CPAs and their lawyers to help them benefit from the roughly uh
– eight thousand pages of the tax code. The average uh American person
can ' t do it. You can ' t hire a lobbyist uh out of unemployment compensation


date = 1976-09-23
user = MR._FORD
At the time, Mr. Gannon, that I made the recommendation for a $28
billion tax cut – three-quarters of it to go to individual
taxpayers and 25 percent to American business . I said at the time that
we had to hold the lid an federal spending , that for every dollar
of a tax reduction we had to have an equal reduction in federal
expenditures – a one-for-one proposition. And I recommended that to the
Congress with a budget ceiling of three hundred and ninety-five billion
dollars , and that would have permitted us to have a $25 billion
tax reduction . In my tax reduction program for
middle-income taxpayers, I recommended that the Congress increase
personal exemptions from seven hundred and fifty dollars per person to one
thousand dollars per person. That would mean, of course, that for a
family of four that that family would have a thousand dollars more
personal exemption – money that they could spend for their own purposes,
money that the government wouldn ' t have to spend. But if we keep the
lid on federal spending , which I think we can – with the help of the
Congress, we can justify fully a $28 billion tax reduction . In the
budget that I submitted to the Congress in January this year, I re-
recommended a 50 percent cutback in the rate of growth of
federal spending . For the last ten years the budget of the United
States has grown from uh – about 11 percent per year. We can ' t
afford that kind of growth in federal spending . And in the
budget that I recommended we cut it in half – a growth
rate of 5 to 5 and one-half percent . With that kind of limitation, on
federal spending , we can fully justify the tax reductions that
I have proposed . And it seems to me with the stimulant of more money
in the hands of the taxpayers, and with more money in the hands of
business to expand, to modernize, to provide more jobs , our
economy stimulated so that we ' ll get more revenue and we ' ll have a more
prosperous economy .


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._KENNEDY
Yes, I have stated in both uh – debates and state again that I believe in a
balanced budget and have supported that concept during my fourteen
years in the Congress. The only two times when an unbalanced budget is
warranted would be during a serious recession – and we had that in
fifty-eight in an unbalanced budget of twelve billion dollars –
or a national emergency where there should be large expenditures for
national defense, which we had in World War II and uh – during part of
the Korean War. On the question of the cost of our budget , I have
stated that it ' s my best judgment that our agricultural program will
cost a billion and a half, possibly two billion dollars less
than the present agricultural program . My judgment is that the program
the Vice President put forward, which is an extension of Mr. Benson ' s
program , will cost a billion dollars more than the present
program , which costs about six billion dollars a year, the
most expensive in history. We ' ve spent more money on agriculture in the
last eight years than the hundred years of the Agricultural Department before
that. Secondly, I believe that the high interest-rate policy that this
Administration has followed has added about three billion dollars a
year to interest on the debt – merely funding the debt – which is a
burden an the taxpayers. I would hope, under a different monetary policy, that
it would be possible to reduce that interest-rate burden, at least a
billion dollars . Third, I think it ' s possible to gain a seven
hundred million to a billion dollars through tax changes which I
believe would close up loof- loopholes on dividend withholding, on expense
accounts. Fourthly, I have suggested that the medical care for the aged
– and the bill which the Congress now has passed and the President
signed if fully implemented would cost a billion dollars on the
Treasury – out of Treasury funds and a billion dollars by the
states – the proposal that I have put forward and which many of the
members of my party support is for medical care financed under Social
Security; which would be financed under the Social Security taxes ; which
is less than three cents a day per person for medical care ,
doctors ' bills , nurses, hospitals, when they retire. It is
actuarially sound. So in my judgment we would spend more money in this
Administration on aid to education , we ' d spend more money on
housing, we ' d spend more money and I hope more wisely on defense than
this Administration has. But I believe that the next Administration should
work for a balanced budget , and that would be my intention. Mr.
Nixon misstates my figures constantly, which uh – is of course his right, but
the fact of the matter is: here is where I stand and I just want to have it on
the public record.


date = 2012-10-03
user = ROMNEY
You bet. Well, President, you ' re — Mr. President, you ' re absolutely
right, which is that, with regards to 97 percent of the businesses are
not — not taxed at the 35 percent tax rate , they ' re
taxed at a lower rate . But those businesses that are in the
last 3 percent of businesses happen to employ half — half of all the
people who work in small business . Those are the
businesses that employ one-quarter of all the workers in America. And your
plan is to take their tax rate from 35 percent to 40
percent . Now, and — and I ' ve talked to a guy who has a very
small business . He ' s in the electronics business in — in St.
Louis. He has four employees. He said he and his son calculated how much they
pay in taxes , federal income tax , federal payroll
tax , state income tax , state sales tax , state property
tax , gasoline tax . It added up to well over 50 percent of what
they earned. And your plan is to take the tax rate on successful
small businesses from 35 percent to 40 percent . The National
Federation of Independent Businesses has said that will cost 700 , 000
jobs . I don ' t want to cost jobs . My priority is jobs . And
so what I do is I bring down the tax rates , lower deductions and
exemptions, the same idea behind Bowles-Simpson, by the way, get the rates
down, lower deductions and exemptions, to create more jobs ,
because there ' s nothing better for getting us to a balanced budget
than having more people working , earning more money , paying
more taxes . That ' s by far the most effective and efficient way to get
this budget balanced .


date = 1992-10-19
user = CLINTON
My plan — you can read my plan . My plan says that we want to
raise marginal incomes on family incomes above $200 , 000 from
31 to 36 percent , that we want to ask foreign corporations simply to
pay the same percentage of taxes on their income that American
corporations play ( sic ) in America, that we want to use that money to
provide over $100 billion in tax cuts for investment in new
plant and equipment, for small business , for new technologies, and for
middle class tax relief . Now, I ' ll tell ya this. I will not
raise taxes on the middle class to pay for these
programs . If the money does not come in there to pay for these
programs , we will cut other government spending or we will
slow down the phase-in of the programs . I am not gonna raise taxes
on the middle class to pay for these programs . Now
furthermore, I am not gonna tell you " read my lips " on anything because I
cannot foresee what emergencies might develop in this country. And the
president said never, never, never would he raise taxes in New Jersey,
and within a day Marlin Fitzwater, his spokesman, said now, that ' s not a
promise. So I think even he has learned that you can ' t say " read my lips "
because you can ' t know what emergencies might come up. But I can tell you
this. I ' m not gonna raise taxes on middle class Americans to
pay for the programs I ' ve recommended . Read my plan . And
you know how you can trust me about that? Because you know, in the first
debate, Mr. Bush made some news. He ' d just said Jim Baker was going to be
secretary of state and in the first debate he said no, now he ' s gonna be
responsible for domestic economic policy. Well, I ' ll tell ya. I ' ll make
some news in the 3rd debate. The person responsible for domestic economic
policy in my administration will be Bill Clinton. I ' m gonna make those
decisions, and I won ' t raise taxes on the middle class to
pay for my programs .


date = 1992-10-11
user = CLINTON
I thought the Oregon plan should at least have been allowed to be tried
because at least the people in Oregon were trying to do something. Let me
go back to the main point, Sandy. Mr. Bush is trying to run against Lyndon
Johnson and Jimmy Carter and everybody in the world but me in this race. I have
proposed a managed competition plan for health care . I will
say again - you cannot control health care costs simply by
cutting Medicare. Look what ' s happened. The federal government
has cut Medicare and Medicaid in the last few years, states have cut
Medicaid — we ' ve done it in Arkansas under budget pressures. But what
happens? More and more people get on the rolls as poverty increases .
If you don ' t control the health care costs of the entire system,
you cannot get control of it. Look at our program . We set up a
national ceiling on health care costs tied to inflation and
population growth set by health care providers, not by the
government . We provide for managed competition, not government models,
in every states. And we control private and public health care
costs . Now, just a few days ago a bipartisan commission of Republicans and
Democrats — more Republicans than Democrats — said my plan will
save the average family $1200 a year more than the Bush plan will
by the year 2000 , $2 . 2 trillion in the next 12 years, $400 billion a
year by the end of this decade. I ' ve got a plan to control health
care costs . But you can ' t just do it by cutting Medicare; you
have to take on the insurance companies , the bureaucracies. And you
have to have cost controls, yes. But keep in mind we are spending 30 % more
on health care than any country in the world, any country, and yet we
have 35 million people uninsured, we have no preventing and primary
care . The Oregon plan is a good start if the federal
government is going to continue to abandon its responsibilities. I say if
Germany can cover everybody and keep costs under inflation , if
Hawaii can cover 98 % of their people at lower health care
costs than the rest of us, if Rochester, New York, can do it with
two-thirds of the cost of the rest of it, America can do it, too. I ' m
tired of being told we can ' t. I say we can. We can do better, and we must.


date = 2004-10-13
user = BUSH
He forgot to tell you he voted to tax Social Security benefits more
than one time. I didn ' t hear any plan to fix Social Security. I heard
more of the same. He talks about middle-class tax cuts . That ' s
exactly where the tax cuts went. Most of the tax cuts went to
low- and middle-income Americans. And now the tax code is more fair .
Twenty percent of the upper-income people pay about 80 percent
of the taxes in America today because of how we structured the tax
cuts . People listening out there know the benefits of the tax
cuts we passed. If you have a child, you got tax relief . If you '
re married, you got tax relief . If you pay any tax at all, you
got tax relief . All of which was opposed by my opponent. And the
tax relief was important to spur consumption and investment to get
us out of this recession. People need to remember - Six months prior to my
arrival, the stock market started to go down. And it was one of the largest
declines in our history. And then we had a recession and we got attacked, which
cost us 1 million jobs . But we acted. I led the Congress. We passed
tax relief . And now this economy is growing . We added 1 . 9
million new jobs over the last 13 months. Sure, there ' s more work to
do. But the way to make sure our economy grows is not to raise
taxes on small-business owners. It ' s not to increase the scope of the
federal government . It ' s to make sure we have fiscal sanity and keep
taxes low .


date = 2012-10-11
user = BIDEN
The middle class will pay less and people making $1 million or
more will begin to contribute slightly more. Let me give you one concrete
example. The continuation of the Bush tax cuts — we are arguing that
the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy should be allowed to expire. Of
the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy , $800 million — billion of
that goes to people making a minimum of $1 million. We see no justification
in these economic times for those, and they ' re patriotic Americans. They ' re
not asking for this continued tax cut . They ' re not suggesting it,
but my friends are insisting on it; 120 , 000 families by continuing that
tax cut will get an additional $500 billion in tax
relief in the next 10 years and their income is an average of $8
million. We want to extend permanently the middle-class tax cut for —
permanently, from the Bush middle-class tax cut . These guys won '
t allow us to. You know what they ' re saying? We say " let ' s have a vote —
let ' s have a vote on the middle-class tax cut and let ' s have a vote
on the upper ( ph ) tax cut ; let ' s go ahead and vote on it. " They '
re saying no. They ' re holding hostage the middle class tax
cut to the super wealthy . And on top of that, they ' ve got another
tax cut coming that ' s $5 trillion that all of the studies point out
will in fact give another $250 million — yeah, $250 , 000 a year to those 120
, 000 families and raise taxes for people who are middle
income with a child by $2 , 000 a year. This is unconscionable. There is no
need for this. The middle class got knocked on their heels. The great
recession crushed them. They need some help now. The last people who need
help are 120 , 000 families for another — another $500 billion
tax cut over the next 10 years.


date = 2012-10-11
user = BIDEN
I don ' t know how long it will take. We can and we will get it under 6
percent . Let ' s look at — let ' s take a look at the facts. Let ' s
look at where we were when we came to office. The economy was in free fall.
We had — the great recession hit ; 9 million people lost their
job ; $1 . 7 — $1 . 6 trillion in wealth lost in equity in your homes, in
retirement accounts for the middle class . We knew we had to act for
the middle class . We immediately went out and rescued General Motors.
We went ahead and made sure that we cut taxes for the middle
class . And in addition to that, when that — when that occurred, what did
Romney do? Romney said, " No, let Detroit go bankrupt. " We moved in and helped
people refinance their homes. Governor Romney said, " No, let foreclosures
hit the bottom. " But it shouldn ' t be surprising for a guy who says
47 percent of the American people are unwilling to take responsibility
for their own lives. My friend recently in a speech in Washington said " 30
percent of the American people are takers. " These people are my
mom and dad — the people I grew up with, my neighbors. They pay
more effective tax than Governor Romney pays in his federal
income tax . They are elderly people who in fact are living off of
Social Security. They are veterans and people fighting in Afghanistan right
now who are, quote, " not paying any tax . " I ' ve had it up to here
with this notion that 47 percent — it ' s about time they take some
responsibility here. And instead of signing pledges to Grover Norquist not
to ask the wealthiest among us to contribute to bring back the middle
class , they should be signing a pledge saying to the middle
class we ' re going to level the playing field; we ' re going to give you a
fair shot again; we are going to not repeat the mistakes we made in the
past by having a different set of rules for Wall Street and Main Street, making
sure that we continue to hemorrhage these tax cuts for the super
wealthy . They ' re pushing the continuation of a tax cut that will
give an additional $500 billion in tax cuts to 120 , 000
families . And they ' re holding hostage the middle class tax
cut because they say we won ' t pass — we won ' t continue the middle
class tax cut unless you give the tax cut for the super
wealthy . It ' s about time they take some responsibility.


date = 2012-10-03
user = ROMNEY
So if the tax plan he described were a tax plan I was asked to
support, I ' d say absolutely not. I ' m not looking for a $5 trillion tax
cut . What I ' ve said is I won ' t put in place a tax cut that
adds to the deficit . That ' s part one. So there ' s no economist that can
say Mitt Romney ' s tax plan adds $5 trillion if I say I will not add
to the deficit with my tax plan . Number two, I will not reduce the
share paid by high-income individuals. I know that you and your running
mate keep saying that and I know it ' s a popular thing to say with a lot of
people , but it ' s just not the case. Look, I ' ve got five boys. I ' m
used to people saying something that ' s not always true, but just keep on
repeating it and ultimately hoping I ' ll believe it. But that — that is not
the case. All right? I will not reduce the taxes paid by high-income
Americans. And number three, I will not under any circumstances raise
taxes on middle-income families . I will lower taxes on
middle-income families . Now, you cite a study. There are six other studies
that looked at the study you describe and say it ' s completely wrong. I saw a
study that came out today that said you ' re going to raise taxes by $3
, 000 to $4 , 000 on middle-income families . There are all these studies
out there. But let ' s get at the bottom line. That is, I want to bring down
rates . I want to bring the rates down, at the same time lower
deductions and exemptions and credits and so forth, so we keep getting the
revenue we need. And you ' d think, well, then why lower the rates ? And
the reason is because small business pays that individual rate
; 54 percent of America ' s workers work in businesses that are
taxed not at the corporate tax rate , but at the individual tax
rate . And if we lower that rate , they will be able to hire more
people . For me, this is about jobs . This is about getting jobs
for the American people .


date = 1976-09-23
user = MR._CARTER
Yes. First of all is to recognize a tremendous economic strength in this
country and to set the putting to – back to work of our people as
a top priority. This is uh – an effort that ought to be done primarily by
strong leadership in the White House, the inspiration of our people , the
tapping of uh – business , agriculture, industry, labor and
government at all levels to work on this uh project. We ' ll never have
uh – an end to the inflationary spiral, and we ' ll never have a balanced
budget until we get our people back to work . There are several
things that can be done specifically that are not now being done. First of all,
to channel research and development funds into areas that will provide
uh large numbers of jobs . Secondly, we need to have a commitment in the uh
private sector uh – to cooperate with government in matters like
housing. Here a very small investment of taxpayer ' s money – in
the housing field can bring large numbers of extra jobs , and the guarantee
of mortgage loans , and the uh – putting forward of uh – two-0-two
programs for housing for older people and so forth to cut down the
roughly 20 percent unemployment that now exists in the – in the
construction industry. Another thing is to deal with our – uh needs in the
central cities, where the unemployment rate is extremely high :
sometimes among minority groups, or those who don ' t speak English, or who '
re black, or young people , or – 40 percent of the employment. Here a
CCC type program would be appropriate to channel money into the ah –
cha- in – in into the sharing with the private sector and also local
and state governments to employ young people who are now out of
work . Another very important – uh aspect of our – uh economy would
be to increase production in every way possible, uh to hold down – uh
taxes on individuals, and to uh shift the tax burdens onto those who
have avoided paying taxes in the past. These uh – kinds of specific
things, uh none of which are being done now, would be a great help in – in
reducing uh unemployment. There is uh – uh an additional factor that
needs to be done and covered very – very succinctly, and that is, to make
sure that we have a good relationship between management – business on
the one hand, and labor, on the other. In a > Transfer interrupted! ery
high , we might channel specific uh targeted job – job – uh
opportunities by paying part of the salary of unemployed people – uh
and also sharing with uh – local governments the uh – payment of
salaries which would uh – let us cut down the unemployment rate much
lower , before we hit the inflationary level. But I believe that by the
end of the first four years of uh – of the next term we could have the
unemployment down to 3 percent adult unemployment, which is about uh – 4
to 4 and a half percent overall uh controlled inflation rate and
have a uh balance of growth of about – uh 4 to 6 percent , around
5 percent which would give us a balanced budget .


date = 1992-10-19
user = CLINTON
I disagree with both of them. For one thing, let me just follow up here. I
disagree with Mr. Perot that the answer is to raise — put a 50-cent
gas tax on the middle class and raise more taxes on the
middle class and the working poor than on the wealthy . His own
analysis says that unemployment will be slightly higher in 1995 under his
plan than it is today. And as far as what Mr. Bush says, he is the person
who raised taxes on the middle class after saying he wouldn '
t. And just this year, Mr. Bush vetoed a tax increase on the
wealthy that gave middle class tax relief . He vetoed
middle class tax relief this year. And furthermore, under this
administration, spending has increased more than it has in the last 20
years and he asked Congress to spend more money than it actually spent.
Now, it ' s hard to out-spend Congress but he tried to for the last 3 years. So
my view is the middle class is the — they ' ve been suffering, Jim.
Now, should people pay more for Medicare if they can? Yes. Should they
pay more for Social Security if they get more out of it than they paid
in, they ' re upper income people ? Yes. But look what ' s happened to
the middle class . Middle class Americans are working
harder for less money than they were making ten years ago and they ' re
paying higher taxes . The tax burden on them has not gone down.
It has gone up. I don ' t think the answer is to slow the economy down
more, drive unemployment up more and undermine the health of the
private sector . The answer is to invest and grow this economy
. That ' s what works in other countries and that ' s what ' ll work


date = 2016-10-04
user = KAINE
Elaine, on the economy , there ' s a fundamental choice for the American
electorate. Do you want a " you ' re hired " president in Hillary Clinton or do
you want a " you ' re fired " president in Donald Trump? I think that ' s not
such a hard choice. Hillary and I have a plan that ' s on the table that '
s a " you ' re hired " plan . Five components. First thing we do is we
invest in manufacturing, infrastructure, and research in the clean energy
jobs of tomorrow. Second thing is we invest in our workforce, from pre-K
education to great teachers to debt-free college and tuition-free
college for families that make less than $125 , 000 a year. Third, we
promote fairness by raising the minimum wage, so you can ' t work
full-time and be under the poverty level, and by paying women equal pay
for equal work . Fourth, we promote small business growth ,
just as we ' ve done in Virginia, to make it easier to start and grow
small businesses . Hillary and I each grew up in small-business
families . My dad, who ran an iron working and welding shop, is here
tonight. And, fifth, we have a tax plan that targets tax relief
to middle- class individuals and small businesses and asks those at
the very top who ' ve benefited as we ' ve come out of recession to pay
more. The Trump plan is a different plan . It ' s a " you ' re fired "
plan . And there ' s two key elements to it. First, Donald Trump said wages
are too high . And both Donald Trump and Mike Pence think we ought to
eliminate the federal minimum wage. Mike Pence, when he was in Congress,
voted against raising the minimum wage above $5 . 15 . And he has been a
one-man bulwark against minimum wage increases in Indiana. The second
component of the plan is massive tax breaks for the very top, trillions
of dollars of tax breaks for people just like Donald Trump. The
problem with this, Elaine, is that ' s exactly what we did 10 years ago and it
put the economy into the deepest recession — the deepest recession
since the 1930s. Independent analysts say the Clinton plan would grow
the economy by 10 . 5 million jobs . The Trump plan would cost
3 . 5 million jobs . And Donald Trump — why would he do this? Because his
tax plan basically helps him. And if he ever met his promise and he
gave his tax returns to the American public like he said he would, we would
see just how much his economic plan is really a Trump-first plan .


date = 1960-09-26
user = MR._NIXON
Mr. Smith, Senator Kennedy. The things that Senator Kennedy has said many of us
can agree with. There is no question but that we cannot discuss our internal
affairs in the United States without recognizing that they have a tremendous
bearing on our international position. There is no question but that this
nation cannot stand still; because we are in a deadly competition, a
competition not only with the men in the Kremlin, but the men in Peking. We '
re ahead in this competition, as Senator Kennedy, I think, has implied. But
when you ' re in a race, the only way to stay ahead is to move ahead. And I
subscribe completely to the spirit that Senator Kennedy has expressed tonight,
the spirit that the United States should move ahead. Where, then, do we
disagree? I think we disagree on the implication of his remarks tonight and on
the statements that he has made on many occasions during his campaign to the
effect that the United States has been standing still. We heard tonight, for
example, the statement made that our growth in national product last
year was the lowest of any industrial nation in the world. Now last year,
of course, was 1958 . That happened to be a recession year. But when we look at
the growth of G. N. P. this year, a year of recovery, we find that it ' s
six and nine-tenths per cent and one of the highest in the world today.
More about that later. Looking then to this problem of how the United States
should move ahead and where the United States is moving, I think it is well
that we take the advice of a very famous campaigner: Let ' s look at the
record. Is the United States standing still? Is it true that this
Administration, as Senator Kennedy has charged, has been an Administration of
retreat, of defeat, of stagnation? Is it true that, as far as this country is
concerned, in the field of electric power, in all of the fields that he has
mentioned, we have not been moving ahead. Well, we have a comparison that we
can make. We have the record of the Truman Administration of seven and a half
years and the seven and a half years of the Eisenhower Administration. When we
compare these two records in the areas that Senator Kennedy has – has
discussed tonight, I think we find that America has been moving ahead. Let ' s
take schools. We have built more schools in these last seven and a half years
than we built in the previous seven and a half, for that matter in the previous
twenty years. Let ' s take hydroelectric power. We have developed more
hydroelectric power in these seven and a half years than was developed in any
previous administration in history. Let us take hospitals. We find that more
have been built in this Administration than in the previous Administration. The
same is true of highways. Let ' s put it in terms that all of us can
understand. We often hear gross national product discussed and in that
respect may I say that when we compare the growth in this Administration
with that of the previous Administration that then there was a total growth
of eleven percent over seven years; in this Administration there has been a
total growth of nineteen per cent over seven years. That shows that there '
s been more growth in this Administration than in its predecessor. But let
' s not put it there; let ' s put it in terms of the average family
. What has happened to you? We find that your wages have gone up five times as
much in the Eisenhower Administration as they did in the Truman Administration.
What about the prices you pay ? We find that the prices you pay went up
five times as much in the Truman Administration as they did in the Eisenhower
Administration. What ' s the net result of this? This means that the average
family income went up fifteen per cent in the Eisenhower years as
against two per cent in the Truman years. Now, this is not standing still. But,
good as this record is, may I emphasize it isn ' t enough. A record is never
something to stand on. It ' s something to build on. And in building on this
record, I believe that we have the secret for progress, we know the way to
progress. And I think, first of all, our own record proves that we know the
way. Senator Kennedy has suggested that he believes he knows the way. I respect
the sincerity which he m- which he makes that suggestion. But on the other
hand, when we look at the various programs that he offers, they do not seem
to be new. They seem to be simply retreads of the programs of the Truman
Administration which preceded it. And I would suggest that during the course of
the evening he might indicate those areas in which his programs are new,
where they will mean more progress than we had then. What kind of programs
are we for? We are for programs that will expand educational opportunities,
that will give to all Americans their equal chance for education , for all
of the things which are necessary and dear to the hearts of our people . We
are for programs , in addition, which will see that our medical
care for the aged are – is – are much – is much better handled than
it is at the present time. Here again, may I indicate that Senator Kennedy and
I are not in disagreement as to the aims. We both want to help the old
people . We want to see that they do have adequate medical care .
The question is the means. I think that the means that I advocate will reach
that goal better than the means that he advocates. I could give better
examples, but for – for whatever it is, whether it ' s in the field of
housing, or health , or medical care , or schools, or the eh-
development of electric power, we have programs which we believe will
move America, move her forward and build on the wonderful record that we have
made over these past seven and a half years. Now, when we look at these
programs , might I suggest that in evaluating them we often have a tendency
to say that the test of a program is how much you ' re spending . I
will concede that in all the areas to which I have referred Senator Kennedy
would have the spe- federal government spend more than I would have it
spend. I costed out the cost of the Democratic platform. It runs a minimum
of thirteen and two-tenths billions dollars a year more than we are
presently spending to a maximum of eighteen billion dollars a year more
than we ' re presently spending. Now the Republican platform will cost more
too. It will cost a minimum of four billion dollars a year more, a
maximum of four and nine-tenths billion dollar a year more than we ' re
presently spending. Now, does this mean that his program is better than
ours? Not at all. Because it isn ' t a question of how much the federal
government spends; it isn ' t a question of which government does the
most. It is a question of which administration does the right thing. And in our
case, I do believe that our programs will stimulate the creative
energies of a hundred and eighty million free Americans. I believe the
programs that Senator Kennedy advocates will have a tendency to stifle
those creative energies , I believe in other words, that his program
would lead to the stagnation of the motive power that we need in this country
to get progress. The final point that I would like to make is this: Senator
Kennedy has suggested in his speeches that we lack compassion for the poor, for
the old, and for others that are unfortunate. Let us understand throughout this
campaign that his motives and mine are sincere. I know what it means to be
poor. I know what it means to see people who are unemployed. I know Senator
Kennedy feels as deeply about these problems as I do, but our disagreement is
not about the goals for America but only about the means to reach those goals.


date = 1992-10-19
user = GOVERNOR_CLINTON
No. There are many people who believe that the only way we can get this
country turned around is to tax the middle class more and punish
them more, but the truth is that middle-class Americans are basically the only
group of Americans who ' ve been taxed more in the 1980s and during the
last 12 years, even though their incomes have gone down. The wealthiest
Americans have been taxed much less, even though their incomes have
gone up. Middle-class people will have their fair share of changing to
do, and many challenges to face, including the challenge of becoming constantly
re-educated. But my plan is a departure from trickle-down economics ,
just cutting taxes on the wealthiest Americans and getting out of
the way. It ' s also a departure from tax-and- spend economics , because
you can ' t tax and divide an economy that isn ' t growing. I
propose an American version of what works in other countries — I
think we can do it better: invest and grow . I believe we can increase
investment and reduce the deficit at the same time, if we not only ask
the wealthiest Americans and foreign corporations to pay their share;
we also provide over $100 billion in tax relief , in terms of
incentives for new plants, new small businesses , new technologies, new
housing, and for middle class families ; and we have $140
billion of spending cuts . Invest and grow . Raise some
more money , spend the money on tax incentives to have growth
in the private sector , take the money from the defense cuts
and reinvest it in new transportation and communications and environmental
clean-up systems. This will work . On this, as on so many other issues, I
have a fundamental difference from the present administration. I don ' t
believe trickle down economics will work . Unemployment is up. Most
people are working harder for less money than they were making 10
years ago. I think we can do better if we have the courage to change.
