

date = 2008-10-15
user = MCCAIN
You know, when Senator Obama ended up his conversation with Joe the plumber —
we need to spread the wealth around. In other words, we ' re going to take
Joe ' s money, give it to Senator Obama, and let him spread the wealth
around. I want Joe the plumber to spread that wealth around. You told him
you wanted to spread the wealth around. The whole premise behind Senator
Obama ' s plans are class warfare, let ' s spread the wealth around. I want
small businesses — and by the way, the small businesses that we ' re talking
about would receive an increase in their taxes right now. Who — why would you
want to increase anybody ' s taxes right now? Why would you want to do that,
anyone, anyone in America, when we have such a tough time, when these small
business people, like Joe the plumber, are going to create jobs, unless you
take that money from him and spread the wealth around. I ' m not going to


date = 2000-10-11
user = BUSH
In this case when you murder somebody it ' s hate , Jim. The crime is
hate . And they got the ultimate punishment. I ' m not exactly sure how you
enhance the penalty any more than the death penalty. We happen to have a
statute on the books that ' s a hate crimes statute in Texas.


date = 2020-09-29
user = TRUMP
Well, you didn ' t do very well in Swine Flu. H1-N1 , you were a disaster .
Your own Chief of Staff said you were a disaster .


date = 2016-10-09
user = TRUMP
Excuse me. Because she has been a disaster as a senator. A disaster .


date = 2020-10-22
user = TRUMP
It ' s so important. It just shows that he has no understanding of
immigration or the laws. Catch and release is a disaster . A murderer
would come in, a rapist would come in, a very bad person would come in — we
would take their name, we have to release them into our country. And then you
say they come back. Less than 1 % of the people come back.


date = 2020-10-22
user = TRUMP
We have to send ICE out and Border Patrol out to find them. We would say, '
Come back in two years, three years — we ' re going to give you a court
case. You did Perry Mason, we ' re going to give you a court case. When you
say they come back, they don ' t come back, Joe. They never come back. Only the
really — I hate to say this — but those with the lowest IQ, they might
come back. But there are very very few.


date = 2016-10-04
user = PENCE
Senator, do you take all the deductions that you ' re entitled to?


date = 2016-10-04
user = PENCE
They call it comprehensive immigration reform — they call it
comprehensive immigration reform on Capitol Hill. We all know the routine.
It ' s amnesty. And you heard one of the last things he mentioned was border
security. That ' s how Washington always plays it.


date = 2016-10-04
user = KAINE
Sure. Can we just be clear — Hillary and I will do immigration
enforcement and we ' ll vet refugees based on whether they ' re dangerous or
not. We won ' t do it based on discriminating against you from the country you
come from or the religion that you practice.


date = 2016-10-04
user = KAINE
You know, I ' m just saying facts about your running mate .


date = 2016-10-09
user = CLINTON
And $13 trillion in family wealth was wiped out. We are back on the right
track. He would send us back into recession with his tax plans that benefit the
wealthiest of Americans.


date = 2016-10-09
user = TRUMP
It is—our country has the slowest growth and jobs are a disaster .


date = 2016-10-19
user = TRUMP
No, it ' s going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do: Repeal and
replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It ' s destroying our country. It
' s destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We
have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers
that that will cost us in the year ' 17 , it is a disaster . If we don ' t
repeal and replace—now, it ' s probably going to die of its own weight. But
Obamacare has to go. It ' s—the premiums are going up 60 percent, 70
percent, 80 percent. Next year they ' re going to go up over 100 percent. And I
' m really glad that the premiums have started—at least the people see
what ' s happening, because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make
it even worse, and it can ' t get any worse. Bad health care at the most
expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.


date = 2012-10-11
user = BIDEN
Can you guarantee that no one making less than $100 , 000 will have a mortgage
— their mortgage deduction impacted? Guarantee?


date = 2012-10-16
user = OBAMA
I thought we were talking about immigration . I do want to make sure that


date = 2000-10-11
user = BUSH
Well, you don ' t realize we have a hate crimes statute? We do. GORE: I ' m
talking about the one that was proposed to deal — No — well, what the Vice
President must not understand is we ' ve got a hate crimes bill in Texas.
And secondly, the people that murdered Mr. Byrd got the ultimate punishment.
The death penalty.


date = 2000-10-17
user = BUSH
I may not be for your version, Mr. Vice President, but I ' m for what I just
described to the lady .


date = 1996-10-09
user = KEMP
Well, it was here before Bill Clinton and it will be here after Bill Clinton.
Senator Tsongas a good friend of Senator Gore, Vice President Gore suggested
that he was afraid his party was falling into the trap of loving the employee,
but hating the employer. You cannot love labor and hate employers. You
cannot drive this wedge between workers and management. And businesses were
providing family leave. They will continue. They should. They ' ve got to make
a profit and the tax on business, capital , labor and families is too high
and it will — we want to reduce that regulatory burden and that tax burden in
a new Dole / Kemp Administration.


date = 1992-10-13
user = QUAYLE
You ' ve talked about Jim Baker. You ' ve talked about trickle down
economics. You ' ve talked about the worst economy-
