

date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._KENNEDY
Mr. Howe, Mr. Vice President. First uh – let me again try to correct the
record on the matter of Quemoy and Matsu. I voted for the Formosa resolution in
1955 . I have sustained it since then. I ' ve said that I agree with the
Administration policy . Mr. Nixon earlier indicated that he would
defend Quemoy and Matsu even if the attack on these islands, two miles off
the coast of China, were not part of a general attack an Formosa and the
Pescadores. I indicated that I would defend those islands if the attack
were directed against Pescadores and Formosa, which is part of the Eisenhower
policy . I ' ve supported that policy . In the last week, as a
member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I have re-read the testimony
of General Twining representing the Administration in 1959 , and the
Assistant Secretary of State before the Foreign Relations Committee in 1958 ,
and I have accurately described the Administration policy , and I
support it wholeheartedly. So that really isn ' t an issue in this
campaign. It isn ' t an issue with Mr. Nixon, who now says that he also
supports the Eisenhower policy . Nor is the question that all
Americans want peace and security an issue in this campaign. The
question is: are we moving in the direction of peace and
security ? Is our relative strength growing? Is, as Mr. Nixon says, our
prestige at an all-time high , as he said a week ago, and that of the
Communists at an all-time low? I don ' t believe it is. I don ' t believe
that our relative strength is increasing. And I say that not as the
Democratic standard-bearer, but as a citizen of the United States
who is concerned about the United States . I look at Cuba, ninety miles off
the coast of the United States . In 1957 I was in Havana. I talked to the
American Ambassador there. He said that he was the second most powerful man
in Cuba. And yet even though Ambassador Smith and Ambassador Gardner, both
Republican Ambassadors, both warned of Castro, the Marxist influences
around Castro, the Communist influences around Castro, both of them
have testified in the last six weeks, that in spite of their warnings to the
American government , nothing was done. Our d- security depends
upon Latin America. Can any American looking at the situation in Latin
America feel contented with what ' s happening today , when a candidate
for the presidency of Brazil feels it necessary to call – not on
Washington during the campaign – but on Castro in Havana, in order to
pick up the support of the Castro supporters in Brazil? At the American
Conference – Inter-American Conference this summer, when we wanted them to
join together in the denunciation of Castro and the Cuban Communists , we
couldn ' t even get the Inter-American group to join together in denouncing
Castro. It was rather a vague statement that they finally made. Do you know
today that the Com- the Russians broadcast ten times as many programs
in Spanish to Latin America as we do? Do you know we don ' t have a single
program sponsored by our government to Cuba – to tell them our story,
to tell them that we are their friends, that we want them to be free again?
Africa is now the emerging area of the world . It contains twenty-five
percent of all the members of the General Assembly. We didn ' t even have a
Bureau of African Affairs until 1957 . In the Africa south of the Sahara, which
is the major new section, we have less students from all of Africa in that
area studying under government auspices today than from the country of
Thailand. If there ' s one thing Africa needs it ' s technical assistance. And
yet last year we gave them less than five percent of all the technical
assistance funds that we distributed around the world . We relied in the
Middle East on the Baghdad Pact, and yet when the Iraqi Government was
changed, the Baghdad Pact broke down. We relied on the Eisenhower Doctrine for
the Middle East, which passed the Senate. There isn ' t one country in the
Middle East that now endorses the Eisenhower Doctrine. We look to Europe uh –
to Asia because the struggle is in the underdeveloped world . Which
system, Communism or freedom , will triumph in the next five or ten years?
That ' s what should concern us, not the history of ten, or fifteen, or
twenty years ago. But are we doing enough in these areas? What are
freedom ' s chances in those areas? By 1965 or 1970 , will there be other
Cubas in Latin America? Will Guinea and Ghana, which have now voted with the
Communists frequently as newly independent countries of Africa – will
there be others? Will the Congo go Communist ? Will other countries? Are we
doing enough in that area? And what about Asia? Is India going to win the
economic struggle or is China going to win it? Who will dominate Asia in
the next five or ten years? Communism? The Chinese? Or will freedom ? The
question which we have to decide as Americans – are we doing enough
today ? Is our strength and prestige rising? Do people want to be
identified with us? Do they want to follow United States leadership? I
don ' t think they do, enough. And that ' s what concerns me. In Africa –
these countries that have newly joined the United Nations. On the question
of admission of Red China, only two countries in all of Africa voted with us
– Liberia and the Union of South Africa. The rest either abstained or voted
against us. More countries in Asia voted against us on that question than
voted with us. I believe that this struggle is going to go on, and it may
be well decided in the next decade. I have seen Cuba go to the Communists .
I have seen Communist influence and Castro influence rise in Latin
America. I have seen us ignore Africa. There are six countries in Africa that
are members of the United Nations. There isn ' t a single American
diplomatic representative in any of those six. When Guinea became independent,
the Soviet Ambassador showed up that very day . We didn ' t recognize
them for two months ; the American Ambassador didn ' t show up for
nearly eight months . I believe that the world is changing fast. And I
don ' t think this Administration has shown the foresight, has shown the
knowledge, has been identified with the great fight which these people are
waging to be free , to get a better standard of living, to live
better. The average income in some of those countries is twenty-five
dollars a year. The Communists say, " Come with us; look what we ' ve
done. " And we ' ve been in – on the whole, uninterested. I think we ' re
going to have to do better. Mr. Nixon talks about our being the strongest
country in the world . I think we are today . But we were far stronger
relative to the Communists five years ago, and what is of great concern is
that the balance of power is in danger of moving with them. They made a
breakthrough in missiles , and by nineteen sixty-one, two, and three, they
will be outnumbering us in missiles . I ' m not as confident as he is that
we will be the strongest military power by 1963 . He talks about
economic growth as a great indicator of freedom . I agree with him.
What we do in this country, the kind of society that we build, that will
tell whether freedom will be sustained around the world . And yet, in
the last nine months of this year, we ' ve had a drop in our economic
growth rather than a gain. We ' ve had the lowest rate of increase of economic
growth in the last nine months of any major industrialized society in
the world . I look up and see the Soviet flag on the moon. The fact is
that the State Department polls on our prestige and influence around the
world have shown such a sharp drop that up till now the State Department
has been unwilling to release them. And yet they were polled by the U. S. I. A.
The point of all this is, this is a struggle in which we ' re engaged.
We want peace . We want freedom . We want security . We want to be
stronger . We want freedom to gain. But I don ' t believe in these
changing and revolutionary times this Administration has known that the
world is changing – has identified itself with that change. I think the
Communists have been moving with vigor – Laos, Africa, Cuba – all
around the world today they ' re on the move . I think we have to
revita1ize our society . I think we have to demonstrate to the people
of the world that we ' re determined in this free country of ours to be
first – not first if, and not first but, and not first when – but first.
And when we are strong and when we are first, then freedom gains; then
the prospects for peace increase; then the prospects for our society


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._NIXON
Mr. Howe, Senator Kennedy, my fellow Americans. Since this campaign began I
have had a very rare privilege. I have traveled to forty-eight of the fifty
states and in my travels I have learned what the people of the United
States are thinking about. There is one issue that stands out above all the
rest, one in which every American is concerned, regardless of what group he
may be a member and regardless of where he may live. And that issue, very
simply stated, is this: how can we keep the peace – keep it without
surrender? How can we extend freedom – extend it without war
? Now in determining how we deal with this issue, we must find the answer to a
very important but simple question : who threatens the peace ? Who
threatens freedom in the world ? There is only one threat to
peace and one threat to freedom – that that is presented by the
international Communist movement. And therefore if we are to have peace
, we must know how to deal with the Communists and their leaders . I
know Mr. Khrushchev. I also have had the opportunity of knowing and meeting
other Communist leaders in the world . I believe there are certain
principles we must find in dealing with him and his colleagues – principles,
if followed , that will keep the peace and that also can extend
freedom . First, we have to learn from the past , because we cannot
afford to make the mistakes of the past . In the seven years before this
Administration came into power in Washington, we found that six hundred
million people went behind the Iron Curtain. And at the end of that seven
years we were engaged in a war in Korea which cost of thirty thousand
American lives. In the past seven years, in President Eisenhower ' s
Administration, this situation has been reversed. We ended the Korean War ;
by strong , firm leadership we have kept out of other wars ; and we
have avoided surrender of principle or territory at the conference table. Now
why were we successful, as our predecessors were not successful? I think there
' re several reasons. In the first place , they made a fatal error in
misjudging the Communists ; in trying to apply to them the same rules of
conduct that you would apply to the leaders of the free world . One
of the major errors they made was the one that led to the Korean War .
In ruling out the defense of Korea, they invited aggression in that area. They
thought they were going to have peace – it brought war . We learned
from their mistakes. And so, in our seven years, we find that we have been firm
in our diplomacy; we have never made concessions without getting concessions in
return. We have always been willing to go the extra mile to negotiate for
disarmament or in any other area. But we have never been willing to do anything
that, in effect, surrendered freedom any place in the world . That
is why President Eisenhower was correct in not apologizing or expressing
regrets to Mr. Khrushchev at the Paris Conference, as Senator Kennedy suggested
he could have done. That is why Senator wh- President Eisenhower was also
correct in his policy in the Formosa Straits, where he declined, and
refused to follow the recommendations – recommendations which Senator
Kennedy voted for in 1955 ; again made in 1959 ; again repeated in his debates
that you have heard – recommendations with regard to – again –
slicing off a piece of free territory, and abandoning it, if – in effect,
to the Communists . Why did the President feel this was wrong and why
was the President right and his critics wrong? Because again this showed a lack
of understanding of dictators, a lack of understanding particularly of
Communists , because every time you make such a concession it does not
lead to peace ; it only encourages them to blackmail you. It encourages
them to begin a war . And so I say that the record shows that we know how
to keep the peace , to keep it without surrender. Let us move now to
the future . It is not enough to stand on this record because we are
dealing with the most ruthless, fanatical … leaders that the world
has ever seen. That is why I say that in this period of the sixties, America
must move forward in every area. First of all, although we are today ,
as Senator Kennedy has admitted, the strongest nation in the world
militarily, we must increase our strength , increase it so that we will
always have enough strength that regardless of what our potential opponents
have – if the should launch a surprise attack – we will be able to destroy
their war-making capability. They must know, in other words, that it is
national suicide if they begin anything. We need this kind of strength
because we ' re the guardians of the peace . In addition to military
strength , we need to see that the economy of this country continues to
grow. It has grown in the past seven years. It can and will grow even more
in the next four. And the reason that it must grow even more is because we have
things to do at home and also because we ' re in a race for survival – a
race in which it isn ' t enough to be ahead; it isn ' t enough simply to be
complacent. We have to move ahead in order to stay ahead. And that is
why, in this field, I have made recommendations which I am confident will
move the American economy ahead – move it firmly and soundly so
that there will never be a time when the Soviet Union will be able to challenge
our superiority in this field. And so we need military strength , we
need economic strength , we also need the right diplomatic policies .
What are they? Again we turn to the past . Firmness but no belligerence,
and by no belligerence I mean that we do not answer insult by insult. When you
are proud and confident of your strength , you do not get down to the level
of Mr. Khrushchev and his colleagues. And that example that President
Eisenhower has set we will continue to follow . But all this by itself is
not enough. It is not enough for us simply to be the strongest nation
militarily, the strongest economically, and also to have firm diplomacy. We
must have a great goal. And that is: not just to keep freedom for ourselves
but to extend it to all the world , to extend it to all the
world because that is America ' s destiny. To extend it to all the
world because the Communist aim is not to hold their own but to
extend Communism. And you cannot fight a victory for Communism or a
strategy of victory for Communism with the strategy , simply of holding
the line. And so I say that we believe that our policies of military
strength , of economic strength , of diplomatic firmness first will
keep the peace and keep it without surrender. We also believe that in the
great field of ideals that we can lead America to the victory for
freedom – victory in the newly developing countries, victory also in the
captive countries – provided we have faith in ourselves and faith in our


date = 1960-09-26
user = SENATOR_KENNEDY
Mr. Smith, Mr. Nixon. In the election of 1860 , Abraham Lincoln said the
question was whether this nation could exist half-slave or half-free.
In the election of 1960 , and with the world around us, the question is
whether the world will exist half-slave or half-free, whether it will
move in the direction of freedom , in the direction of the road that we
are taking, or whether it will move in the direction of slavery. I think it
will depend in great measure upon what we do here in the United States , on
the kind of society that we build, on the kind of strength that we
maintain. We discuss tonight domestic issues, but I would not want that to be
any implication to be given that this does not involve directly our
struggle with Mr. Khrushchev for survival. Mr. Khrushchev is in New York,
and he maintains the Communist offensive throughout the world because
of the productive power of the Soviet Union itself. The Chinese
Communists have always had a large population. But they are important and
dangerous now because they are mounting a major effort within their own
country. The kind of country we have here, the kind of society we have, the
kind of strength we build in the United States will be the defense of
freedom . If we do well here, if we meet our obligations, if we ' re
moving ahead, then I think freedom will be secure around the world
. If we fail, then freedom fails. Therefore, I think the question
before the American people is: Are we doing as much as we can do? Are
we as strong as we should be? Are we as strong as we must be if we ' re
going to maintain our independence, and if we ' re going to maintain and hold
out the hand of friendship to those who look to us for assistance, to those who
look to us for survival? I should make it very clear that I do not think we '
re doing enough, that I am not satisfied as an American with the progress
that we ' re making. This is a great country, but I think it could be a greater
country; and this is a powerful country, but I think it could be a more
powerful country. I ' m not satisfied to have fifty percent of our steel-mill
capacity unused. I ' m not satisfied when the United States had last year
the lowest rate of economic growth of any major industrialized society in
the world . Because economic growth means strength and vitality; it
means we ' re able to sustain our defenses; it means we ' re able to meet our
commitments abroad. I ' m not satisfied when we have over nine billion
dollars worth of food – some of it rotting – even though there is a
hungry world , and even though four million Americans wait every month
for a food package from the government , which averages five cents a
day per individual. I saw cases in West Virginia, here in the United
States , where children took home part of their school lunch in
order to feed their families because I don ' t think we ' re meeting our
obligations toward these Americans. I ' m not satisfied when the Soviet Union
is turning out twice as many scientists and engineers as we are. I ' m not
satisfied when many of our teachers are inadequately paid, or when our children
go to school part-time shifts. I think we should have an educational system
second to none. I ' m not satisfied when I see men like Jimmy Hoffa – in
charge of the largest union in the United States – still free . I ' m
not satisfied when we are failing to develop the natural resources of the
United States to the fullest. Here in the United States , which
developed the Tennessee Valley and which built the Grand Coulee and the other
dams in the Northwest United States at the present rate of hydropower
production – and that is the hallmark of an industrialized society
– the Soviet Union by 1975 will be producing more power than we are.
These are all the things, I think, in this country that can make our
society strong , or can mean that it stands still. I ' m not satisfied
until every American enjoys his full constitutional rights. If a Negro baby
is born – and this is true also of Puerto Ricans and Mexicans in some of
our cities – he has about one-half as much chance to get through high
school as a white baby. He has one-third as much chance to get through
college as a white student . He has about a third as much chance to be a
professional man, about half as much chance to own a house. He has about uh –
four times as much chance that he ' ll be out of work in his life as the
white baby. I think we can do better. I don ' t want the talents of any
American to go to waste. I know that there are those who want to turn
everything over to the government . I don ' t at all. I want the
individuals to meet their responsibilities . And I want the states to meet
their responsibilities . But I think there is also a national
responsibility . The argument has been used against every piece of social
legislation in the last twenty-five years. The people of the United
States individually could not have developed the Tennessee Valley;
collectively they could have. A cotton farmer in Georgia or a peanut farmer or
a dairy farmer in Wisconsin and Minnesota, he cannot protect himself against
the forces of supply and demand in the market place ; but working
together in effective governmental programs he can do so. Seventeen million
Americans, who live over sixty-five on an average Social Security check
of about seventy-eight dollars a month , they ' re not able to sustain
themselves individually, but they can sustain themselves through the social
security system. I don ' t believe in big government , but I believe in
effective governmental action . And I think that ' s the only way that the
United States is going to maintain its freedom . It ' s the only way
that we ' re going to move ahead. I think we can do a better job. I
think we ' re going to have to do a better job if we are going to meet the
responsibilities which time and events have placed upon us. We cannot
turn the job over to anyone else. If the United States fails, then the
whole cause of freedom fails. And I think it depends in great measure on
what we do here in this country. The reason Franklin Roosevelt was a good
neighbor in Latin America was because he was a good neighbor in the United
States . Because they felt that the American society was
moving again. I want us to recapture that image. I want people in Latin
America and Africa and Asia to start to look to America; to see how we ' re
doing things; to wonder what the resident of the United States is doing;
and not to look at Khrushchev, or look at the Chinese Communists . That is
the obligation upon our generation. In 1933 , Franklin Roosevelt said in his
inaugural that this generation of Americans has a rendezvous with destiny. I
think our generation of Americans has the same rendezvous. The question now
is: Can freedom be maintained under the most severe tack – attack it has
ever known? I think it can be. And I think in the final analysis it depends
upon what we do here. I think it ' s time America started moving again.


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._KENNEDY
I uh – said that I ' ve served this country for fourteen years. I
served it uh – in the war . I ' m devoted to it. If I lose this
election, I will continue in the Senate to try to build a stronger country.
But I run because I believe this year the United States has a great
opportunity to make a move forward, to make a determination here at home
and around the world , that it ' s going to reestablish itself as a
vigorous society . My judgment is that the Republican party has
stood still here in the United States , and it ' s also stood still around
the world . Uh – We ' re using about fifty percent of our steel capacity
today . We had a recession in fifty-eight. We had a recession in
fifty-four. We ' re not moving ahead in education the way we should. We
didn ' t make a judgment in fifty-seven and fifty-six and fifty-five and
fifty-four that outer space would be important. If we stand still here, if we
appoint people to ambassadorships and positions in Washington who have
a status quo outlook, who don ' t recognize that this is a revolutionary time,
then the United States does not maintain its influence . And if we
fail, the cause of freedom fails. I believe it incumbent upon the next
president of the United States to get this country moving again, to
get our economy moving ahead, to set before the American people its
goals, its unfinished business. And then throughout the world appoint the
best people we can get, ambassadors who can speak the language – no
mere – not merely people who made a political contribution but who can
speak the language. Bring students here; let them see what kind of a
country we have. Mr. Nixon said that we should not regard them as pawns in
the cold war ; we should identify ourselves with them. If that were true,
why didn ' t we identify ourselves with the people of Africa? Why didn ' t
we bring students over here? Why did we suddenly offer Congo three
hundred students last June when they had the tremendous revolt? That was
more than we had offered to all of Africa before from the federal
government . I believe that this party – Republican party – has
stood still really for twenty-five years – its leadership has. It opposed all
of the programs of President Roosevelt and others – the minimum
wage and for housing and economic growth and development of our
natural resources, the Tennessee Valley and all the rest. And I believe
that if we can get a party which believes in movement, which believes in going
ahead, then we can reestablish our position in the world – strong
defense, strong in economic growth, justice for our people , co-
guarantee of constitutional rights, so that people will believe that we
practice what we preach, and then around the world , particularly to try to
reestablish the atmosphere which existed in Latin America at the time of
Franklin Roosevelt. He was a good neighbor in Latin America because he was
a good neighbor in the United States ; because they saw us as a
society that was compassionate, that cared about people , that was
moving this country ahead. I believe it my responsibility as the
leader of the Democratic party in 1960 to try to warn the American
people that in this crucial time we can no longer afford to stand still. We
can no longer afford to be second best . I want people all over the
world to look to the United States again, to feel that we ' re on
the move , to feel that our high noon is in the future . I want
Mr. Khrushchev to know that a new generation of Americans who fought in Europe
and Italy and the Pacific for freedom in World War II have now
taken over in the United States , and that they ' re going to put this
country back to work again. I don ' t believe that there is anything this
country cannot do. I don ' t believe there ' s any burden, or any
responsibility , that any American would not assume to protect his
country, to protect our security , to advance the cause of freedom .
And I believe it incumbent upon us now to do that. Franklin Roosevelt said in
1936 that that generation of Americans had a rendezvous with destiny. I believe
in 1960 and sixty-one and two and three we have a rendezvous with destiny. And
I believe it incumbent upon us to be the defenders of the United States and
the defenders of freedom ; and to do that, we must give this country
leadership and we must get America moving again.


date = 1960-09-26
user = MR._NIXON
Mr. Smith, Senator Kennedy. The things that Senator Kennedy has said many of us
can agree with. There is no question but that we cannot discuss our
internal affairs in the United States without recognizing that they have a
tremendous bearing on our international position . There is no question
but that this nation cannot stand still; because we are in a deadly
competition, a competition not only with the men in the Kremlin, but the men in
Peking. We ' re ahead in this competition, as Senator Kennedy, I think, has
implied. But when you ' re in a race , the only way to stay ahead is to
move ahead. And I subscribe completely to the spirit that Senator Kennedy
has expressed tonight, the spirit that the United States should
move ahead. Where, then, do we disagree? I think we disagree on the
implication of his remarks tonight and on the statements that he has made on
many occasions during his campaign to the effect that the United States has
been standing still. We heard tonight, for example, the statement made that our
growth in national product last year was the lowest of any industrial
nation in the world . Now last year, of course, was 1958 . That
happened to be a recession year. But when we look at the growth of G. N. P.
this year, a year of recovery, we find that it ' s six and nine-tenths per cent
and one of the highest in the world today . More about that later.
Looking then to this problem of how the United States should move ahead
and where the United States is moving , I think it is well that we take
the advice of a very famous campaigner: Let ' s look at the record. Is the
United States standing still? Is it true that this Administration, as
Senator Kennedy has charged, has been an Administration of retreat, of defeat,
of stagnation? Is it true that, as far as this country is concerned, in the
field of electric power , in all of the fields that he has mentioned, we
have not been moving ahead. Well, we have a comparison that we can make. We
have the record of the Truman Administration of seven and a half years and the
seven and a half years of the Eisenhower Administration. When we compare these
two records in the areas that Senator Kennedy has – has discussed tonight, I
think we find that America has been moving ahead. Let ' s take schools
. We have built more schools in these last seven and a half years than we
built in the previous seven and a half, for that matter in the previous twenty
years. Let ' s take hydroelectric power . We have developed more
hydroelectric power in these seven and a half years than was developed in
any previous administration in history. Let us take hospitals. We find that
more have been built in this Administration than in the previous
Administration. The same is true of highways. Let ' s put it in terms that all
of us can understand. We often hear gross national product discussed and in
that respect may I say that when we compare the growth in this Administration
with that of the previous Administration that then there was a total growth of
eleven percent over seven years; in this Administration there has been a total
growth of nineteen per cent over seven years. That shows that there ' s been
more growth in this Administration than in its predecessor. But let ' s not put
it there; let ' s put it in terms of the average family. What has happened to
you? We find that your wages have gone up five times as much in the
Eisenhower Administration as they did in the Truman Administration. What about
the prices you pay? We find that the prices you pay went up five times as much
in the Truman Administration as they did in the Eisenhower Administration. What
' s the net result of this? This means that the average family income went up
fifteen per cent in the Eisenhower years as against two per cent in the Truman
years. Now, this is not standing still. But, good as this record is, may I
emphasize it isn ' t enough. A record is never something to stand on. It ' s
something to build on. And in building on this record, I believe that we have
the secret for progress, we know the way to progress. And I think, first of
all, our own record proves that we know the way. Senator Kennedy has suggested
that he believes he knows the way. I respect the sincerity which he m- which he
makes that suggestion. But on the other hand, when we look at the various
programs that he offers , they do not seem to be new. They seem to be
simply retreads of the programs of the Truman Administration which preceded
it. And I would suggest that during the course of the evening he might indicate
those areas in which his programs are new, where they will mean more
progress than we had then. What kind of programs are we for? We are for
programs that will expand educational opportunities, that will give to all
Americans their equal chance for education, for all of the things which are
necessary and dear to the hearts of our people . We are for programs ,
in addition, which will see that our medical care for the aged are – is –
are much – is much better handled than it is at the present time. Here again,
may I indicate that Senator Kennedy and I are not in disagreement as to the
aims. We both want to help the old people . We want to see that they do
have adequate medical care. The question is the means. I think that the
means that I advocate will reach that goal better than the means that he
advocates. I could give better examples, but for – for whatever it is,
whether it ' s in the field of housing, or health, or medical care, or
schools , or the eh- development of electric power , we have
programs which we believe will move America, move her forward and
build on the wonderful record that we have made over these past seven and a
half years. Now, when we look at these programs , might I suggest that in
evaluating them we often have a tendency to say that the test of a program
is how much you ' re spending. I will concede that in all the areas to which I
have referred Senator Kennedy would have the spe- federal government spend
more than I would have it spend. I costed out the cost of the Democratic
platform. It runs a minimum of thirteen and two-tenths billions dollars a
year more than we are presently spending to a maximum of eighteen billion
dollars a year more than we ' re presently spending. Now the Republican
platform will cost more too. It will cost a minimum of four billion dollars
a year more, a maximum of four and nine-tenths billion dollar a year more
than we ' re presently spending. Now, does this mean that his program is
better than ours? Not at all. Because it isn ' t a question of how much
the federal government spends; it isn ' t a question of which
government does the most. It is a question of which administration does
the right thing. And in our case, I do believe that our programs will
stimulate the creative energies of a hundred and eighty million free
Americans. I believe the programs that Senator Kennedy advocates will have
a tendency to stifle those creative energies, I believe in other words, that
his program would lead to the stagnation of the motive power that
we need in this country to get progress. The final point that I would like
to make is this: Senator Kennedy has suggested in his speeches that we lack
compassion for the poor, for the old, and for others that are unfortunate. Let
us understand throughout this campaign that his motives and mine are sincere. I
know what it means to be poor. I know what it means to see people who are
unemployed. I know Senator Kennedy feels as deeply about these problems as
I do, but our disagreement is not about the goals for America but only about
the means to reach those goals.


date = 1976-10-06
user = MR._CARTER
Well, I ' m not gonna name my cabinet before I get elected. I ' ve got a little
ways to go before I start doing that. But I have uh – an adequate background,
I believe. I am a graduate of the U. S. Naval Academy, the first military
graduate since uh – Eisenhower. I ' ve served as the Governor of Georgia
and have traveled extensively in foreign countries and South America,
Central America, Europe, the Middle East and in Japan. I ' ve traveled the last
twenty-one months among the people of this country. I ' ve talked to
them and I ' ve listened. And I ' ve seen at first hand, in a very vivid way,
the deep hurt that ' s come to this country in the aftermath of Vietnam and
Cambodia, Chile, and Pakistan, and Angola, and Watergate, CIA revelations. What
we were formerly so proud of – the strength of our country, its uh –
moral integrity, the representation in foreign affairs of what our
people are, what our Constitution stands for, has been gone. And in the
secrecy that has surrounded our foreign policy in the last few years,
uh – the American people , the Congress have been excluded. I believe
I know what this country ought to be. I ' ve uh – been one who ' s loved my
nation as many Americans do, and I believe that there ' s no limit
placed on what we can be in the future , if we can harness the
tremendous resources – militarily, economically, and the stature of our
people , the meaning of the Constitution, in the future . Every time we
' ve made a serious mistake in foreign affairs, it ' s been because the
American people have been excluded from the process. If we can just tap
the intelligence and ability, the sound common sense and the good
judgment of the American people , we can once again have a
foreign policy to make us proud instead of ashamed. And I ' m not gonna
exclude the American people from that process in the future , as
Mr. Ford and Kissinger have done. This is what it takes to have a sound
foreign policy strong at home, strong defense, permanent
commitments, not betray the principles of our country, and involve the
American people and the Congress in the shaping of our foreign
policy . Every time Mr. Ford speaks from a position of secrecy in
negotiations, in secret – in secret treaties that ' ve been uh – pursued
and achieved, in supporting dictatorships, in ignoring human rights, we
are weak and the rest of the world knows it. So these are the ways that we
can restore the strength of our country, and they don ' t require long
experience in foreign policy . Nobody has that except a president
who has served a long time or a secretary of state. But my background, my
experience, my knowledge of the people of this country, my commitment to
our principles that don ' t change – those are the best bases to correct
the horrible mistakes of this administration and restore our own country to a
position of leadership in the world .


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._NIXON
Senator Kennedy has said tonight again what he has said several times in the
course of this – these debates and in the campaign, that American is
standing still. America is not standing still. It has not been standing still.
And let ' s set the record straight right now by looking at the record, as Al
Smith used to say. He talks about housing. We built more houses in the last
seven years than in any Administration and thirty percent more than in the
previous Administration. We talk about schools – three times as many
classrooms built in the past Administration – and Eisenhower – than
under the Truman Administration. Let ' s talk about civil rights. More progress
in the past eight years than in the whole eighty years before. He talks
about the progress in the field of slum clearance and the like. We find four
times as many projects undertaken and completed in this Administration than in
the previous one. Anybody that says America has been standing still for the
last seven and a half years hasn ' t been traveling in America. He ' s been in
some other country. Let ' s get that straight right away. Now the second
point we have to understand is this, however. America has not been standing
still. But America cannot stand pat. We can ' t stand pat for the reason that
we ' re in a race , as I ' ve indicated. We can ' t stand pat because it is
essential with the conflict that we have around the world that we not just
hold our own, that we not keep just freedom for ourselves. It is essential
that we extend freedom , extend it to all the world . And this
means more than what we ' ve been doing. It means keeping America even
stronger militarily than she is. It means seeing that our economy moves
forward even faster than it has. It means making more progress in civil rights
than we have so that we can be a splendid example for all the world to see
– a democracy in action at its best . Now, looking at the other
parts of the world – South America – talking about our record and the
previous one. We had a good neighbor policy , yes. It sounded fine. But
let ' s look at it. There were eleven dictators when we came into power in
1953 in Latin America. There are only three left. Let ' s look at Africa.
Twenty new countries in Africa during the course of this Administration. Not
one of them selected a Communist government . All of them voted for
freedom – a free type of government . Does this show that
Communism has the bigger pull, or freedom has the bigger pull? Am I trying
to indicate that we have no problems in Africa or Latin America or Asia? Of
course not. What I am trying to indicate is that the tide of history ' s on our
side, and that we can keep it on our side, because we ' re on the right side.
We ' re on the side of freedom . We ' re on the side of justice against the
forces of slavery, against the forces of injustice. But we aren ' t
going to move America forward and we aren ' t going to be able to lead
the world to win this struggle for freedom if we have a permanent
inferiority complex about American achievements. Because we are first in
the world in space, as I ' ve indicated; we are first in science; we are
first in education, and we ' re going to move even further ahead with the
kind of leadership that we can provide in these years ahead. One other
point I would make: what could you do? Senator Kennedy and I are candidates
for the presidency of the United States . And in the years to come it will
be written that one or the other of us was elected and that he was or was not a
great president . What will determine whether Senator Kennedy or I, if I am
elected, was a great president ? It will not be our ambition that will
determine it, because greatness is not something that is written on a campaign
poster. It will be determined to the extent that we represent the deepest
ideals, the highest feelings and faith of the American people . In
other words, the next president , as he leads America and the free
world , can be only as great as the American people are great. And
so I say in conclusion, keep America ' s faith strong . See that the young
people of America, particularly, have faith in the ideals of freedom
and faith in God, which distinguishes us from the atheistic materialists who
oppose us.


date = 1976-10-22
user = MR._CARTER
Thank you Barbara ( barely audible ) . The major purpose of an election for
president is to choose a leader . Someone who can analyze the depths of
feeling in our country to set a standard for our people to follow , to
inspire our people to reach for greatness, to correct our defects, to
answer difficult questions , to bind ourselves together in a spirit of
unity. I don ' t believe the present administration has done that. We have been
discouraged and we ' ve been alienated. Sometimes we ' ve been embarrassed and
sometimes we ' ve been ashamed. Our people are out of work , and there
' s a sense of withdrawal. But our country is innately very strong . Mr.
Ford is a good and decent man, but he ' s in – been in office now more
than eight hundred days approaching almost as long as John Kennedy was in
office. I ' d like to ask the American people what, what ' s been
accomplished. A lot remains to be done. My own background is different from
his. I was a school board member, and a library board member. I served
an a hospital authority. And I was in the state senate and I was governor and I
' m an engineer, a Naval officer, a farmer, a businessman. And I believe we
require someone who can work harmoniously with the Congress, who can
work closely with the people of this country, and who can bring a new
image and a new spirit to Washington. Our tax structure is a disgrace, it needs
to be reformed. I was Governor of Georgia for four years. We never increased
sales taxes or income tax or property tax. As a matter of fact, the year before
I went out of office we gave a $50 million refund to the property taxpayers of
Georgia. We spend six hundred dollars per person in this country – every
man, woman and child – for health care. We still rank fifteenth among all the
nations of the world in infant mortality. And our cancer rate is uh –
higher than any country in the world . We don ' t have good health
care. We could have it. Employment ought to be restored to our people . We
' ve become almost a welfare state. We spend now 700 percent more on
unemployment compensation than we did eight years ago when the Republicans took
over the White House. Our people wanna go back to work . Our education
system can be improved. Secrecy ought to be stripped away from government
and a maximum of personal privacy ought to be maintained. Our housing
programs have uh – gone bad. It used to be that the average – uh family
could own a house. But now less than a third of our people can afford to
buy their own homes. The budget was more grossly out of balance last year than
ever before in the history of our country – $65 billion – primarily because
our people are not at work . Inflation is robbing us, as we ' ve
already discussed, and the government bureaucracy is uh – just a horrible
mess. This doesn ' t have to be. Now I don ' t know all the answers. Nobody
could. But I do know that if the president of the United States and the
Congress of the United States and the people of the United States
said, " I believe our nation is greater than what we are now. " I believe
that if we are inspired, if we can achieve a degree of unity, if we can set our
goals high enough and work toward recognized goals with industry and
labor and agriculture along with government at all levels, then we can
achieve great things. We might have to do it slowly. There are no magic answers
to do it. But I believe together we can make great progress. We can correct our
difficult mistakes and answer those very tough questions . I believe in
the greatness of our country, and I believe the American people are
ready for a change in Washington. We ' ve been drifting too long. We ' ve been
dormant too long. We ' ve been discouraged too long. And we have not set an
example for our own people . But I believe that we can now establish in the
White House a good relationship with Congress, a good relationship with
our people , set very high goals for our country. And with inspiration
and hard work we can achieve great things. And let the world know –
that ' s very important. But more importantly, let the people in our own
country realize that we still live in the greatest nation on earth. Thank
you very much.


date = 1960-09-26
user = MR._KENNEDY
The point was made by Mr. Nixon that the Soviet production is only
forty-four percent of ours. I must say that forty-four percent and that
Soviet country is causing us a good deal of trouble tonight. I want to
make sure that it stays in that relationship. I don ' t want to see the day
when it ' s sixty percent of ours, and seventy and seventy-five and eighty and
ninety percent of ours, with all the force and power that it could
bring to bear in order to cause our destruction. Secondly, the Vice
President mentioned medical care for the aged. Our program was an
amendment to the Kerr bill. The Kerr bill provided assistance to all those who
were not on Social Security . I think it ' s a very clear contrast. In 1935
, when the Social Security Act was written, ninety-four out of ninety-five
Republicans voted against it. Mr. Landon ran in 1936 to repeal it. In
August of 1960 , when we tried to get it again, but this time for medical care,
we received the support of one Republican in the Senate on this
occasion. Thirdly, I think the question before the American people
is: as they look at this country and as they look at the world around them,
the goals are the same for all Americans. The means are at question . The
means are at issue. If you feel that everything that is being done now is
satisfactory, that the relative power and prestige and strength of the
United States is increasing in relation to that of the Communists ;
that we ' ve b- gaining more security , that we are achieving everything as
a nation that we should achieve, that we are achieving a better life
for our citizens and greater strength , then I agree . I think you
should vote for Mr. Nixon. But if you feel that we have to move again
in the sixties, that the function of the president is to set before the
people the unfinished business of our society as Franklin Roosevelt did
in the thirties, the agenda for our people – what we must do as a
society to meet our needs in this country and protect our security and
help the cause of freedom . As I said at the beginning, the question
before us all, that faces all Republicans and all Democrats, is: can
freedom in the next generation conquer, or are the Communists going to
be successful? That ' s the great issue. And if we meet our
responsibilities I think freedom will conquer. If we fail, if we fail
to move ahead, if we fail to develop sufficient military and economic
and social strength here in this country, then I think that uh – the tide
could begin to run against us. And I don ' t want historians, ten years from
now, to say, these were the years when the tide ran out for the United
States . I want them to say these were the years when the tide came in;
these were the years when the United States started to move again. That
' s the question before the American people , and only you can
decide what you want, what you want this country to be, what you want to do
with the future . I think we ' re ready to move . And it is to that
great task, if we ' re successful, that we will address ourselves.


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._KENNEDY
One of the areas, and of course the most vulnerable area is – I have felt
, has been Eastern Europe. I ' ve been critical of the Administration ' s
failure to suggest policies which would make it possible for us to
establish, for example, closer relations with Poland, particularly after the
fifty-five-fifty-six period and the Hungarian revolution. We indicated at that
time that we were not going to intervene militarily. But there was a period
there when Poland demonstrated a national independence and even the Polish
government moved some differn- di- distance away from the Soviet Union.
I suggested that we amend our legislation so that we could enjoy closer
economic ties. We received the support first of the Administration and then
not, and we were defeated by one vote in the Senate. We passed the bill in the
Senate this year but it didn ' t pass the House. I would say Eastern Europe is
the area of vulnerability of the uh – s- of the Soviet Union. Secondly, the
relations between Russia and China. They are now engaged in a debate over
whether war is the means of Communizing the world or whether they
should use subversion, infiltration, economic struggles and all the rest.
No one can say what that course of action will be, but I think the next
president of the United States should watch it carefully. If those two
powers should split, it could have great effects throughout the entire
world . Thirdly, I believe that India represents a great area for
affirmative action by the free world . India started from about the
same place that China did. Chinese Communists have been moving
ahead the last ten years. India under a free society has been making
some progress. But if India does not succeed – with her four hundred and
fifty million people , if she can ' t make freedom work – then
people around the world are going to determine – particularly in the
underdeveloped world – that the only way that they can develop their
resources is through the Communist system. Fourth, let me say that in
Africa, Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe, the great force on our side is
the desire of people to be free . This has expressed itself in the
revolts in Eastern Europe. It ' s expressed itself in the desire of the
people of Africa to be independent of Western Europe. They want to be
free . And my judgment is that they don ' t want to give their
freedom up to become Communists . They want to stay free ,
independent perhaps of us, but certainly independent of the Communists .
And I believe if we identify ourselves with that force , if we identify
ourselves with it as Lincoln, as Wilson did, as Franklin Roosevelt did, if we
become known as the friend of freedom , sustaining freedom , helping
freedom , helping these people in the fight against poverty and
ignorance and disease, helping them build their lives, I believe in Latin
America, Africa, and Asia, eventually in the Eastern Europe and the Middle
East, certainly in Western Europe, we can strengthen freedom . We can make
it move . We can put the Communists on the defensive.


date = 1976-10-06
user = MR._CARTER
The purpose of this debate and the outcome of the election will determine three
basic things: Leadership, upholding the principles of our country, and proper
priorities and commitments for the future . This election will also
determine what kind of world we leave our children. Will it be a nightmare
world threatened with the proliferation of atomic bombs, not just in five
major countries but dozens of smaller countries that have been permitted to
develop atomic weapons because of a failure of our top leadership to
stop proliferation? Will we have a world of hunger and – and hatred, and
will we be living in an armed camp stripped of our friendship and allies
hiding behind a tight defense that ' s been drawn in around us because we are
fearful of the outside world ? Will we have a government of secrecy
that excludes the American people from participation in making basic
decisions and therefore covers up mistakes and makes it possible for our
government – our government – to depart from the principles of our
Constitution and Bill of Rights? Or will we have a world of peace with
the threat of atomic weapons eliminated, with full trade, with our
people at work , inflation controlled , openness in government
, our people proud once again, Congress, citizens , president ,
secretary of state working in harmony and unity toward a common future
? Or world where people have enough to eat and a world where we
care about those who don ' t? Can we become a breadbasket of the world
instead of the arms merchant of the world ? I believe we can and we
ought to. Now we ' ve been hurt in recent years in this country. In the
aftermath of Vietnam, Cambodia, Chile, Pakistan, Angola, Watergate, CIA, we '
ve been hurt. Our people feel that we ' ve lost something precious.
That ' s not necessary. I wanna see our nation – return to a posture and
an image and a standard to make us proud once again. I remember the world
with NATO, and the world of Point Four, and the world of the Marshall
Plan, and the world of the Peace Corps. Why can ' t we have that once
again? We ought to be a beacon for nations who search for peace and who
search for freedom , who search for individual liberty, who search for
basic human rights. We haven ' t been lately. We can be once again. We ' ll
never have that world leadership until we are strong at home, and we
can have that strength if we return to the basic principles. It ought not
to be a strength of bombast and threats . It ought to be a quiet
strength based on the integrity of our people , the vision of the
Constitution, an in- innate strong will and purpose that God ' s given us
in the greatest nation on earth – the United States .


date = 2012-10-22
user = ROMNEY
No. I believe, as the president indicated, and said at the time that I
supported his — his action there. I felt that — I wish we ' d
have had a better vision of the future . I wish that, looking back at
the beginning of the president ' s term and even further back than that,
that we ' d have recognized that there was a growing energy and passion for
freedom in that part of the world , and that we would have worked
more aggressively with our friend and with other friends in the region to have
them make the transition towards a more representative form of government ,
such that it didn ' t explode in the way that it did. But once it exploded, I
felt the same as the president did, which is these freedom voices
and the streets of Egypt, where the people who were speaking of our
principles and the President Mubarak had done things which were
unimaginable and the idea of him crushing his people was not something that
we could possibly support . Let me step back and talk about what I think
our mission has to be in the Middle East and even more broadly, because our
purpose is to make sure the world is more — is peaceful. We want a
peaceful planet. We want people to be able to enjoy their lives and know
they ' re going to have a bright and prosperous future , not be at war
. That ' s our purpose. And the mantle of leadership for the — promoting the
principles of peace has fallen to America. We didn ' t ask for it. But it '
s an honor that we have it. But for us to be able to promote those principles
of peace requires us to be strong . And that begins with a strong
economy here at home. Unfortunately, the economy is not stronger . When the
— when the president of Iraq — excuse me, of Iran, Ahmadinejad, says
that our debt makes us not a great country, that ' s a frightening thing.
Former chief of the — Joint Chiefs of Staff said that — Admiral Mullen said
that our debt is the biggest national security threat we face .
This — we have weakened our economy. We need a strong economy. We need to
have as well a strong military . Our military is second to none in
the world . We ' re blessed with terrific soldiers, and extraordinary
technology and intelligence. But the idea of a trillion dollar in cuts
through sequestration and budget cuts to the military would change that. We
need to have strong allies . Our association and connection with our
allies is essential to America ' s strength . We ' re the great
nation that has allies , 42 allies and friends around the world
. And, finally, we have to stand by our principles. And if we ' re strong
in each of those things, American influence will grow. But
unfortunately, in nowhere in the world is America ' s influence will
grow. But unfortunately, in — nowhere in the world is America ' s
influence greater today than it was four years ago.


date = 1960-10-07
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well I don ' t think that in the winter of sixty-one under present economic
conditions, it uh – a – uh – tax uh – increase would be desirable. In
fact, it would be deflationary; it would cause great unemployment; it would
cause a real slowdown in our economy. If it ever becomes necessary, and is wise
economically and essential to our security , I would have no hesitancy in
suggesting a tax increase or any other policy which would defend the
United States . I have talked in every speech about the fact that these are
going to be very difficult times in the nineteen-sixties and that we ' re
going to have to meet our responsibilities as citizens . I ' m talking
about a national mood. I ' m talking about our willingness to bear any
burdens in order to maintain our own freedom and in order to meet
our freedom around the globe. We don ' t know what the future ' s going
to bring. But I would not want anyone to elect me uh – president of the
United States – or vote for me – under the expectation that life would
be easier if I were elected. Now, many of the programs that I ' m talking
about – economic growth, care for the aged, development of our
natural resources – build the strength of the United States .
That ' s how the United States began to prepare for its great actions
in World War II and in the post-war period. If we ' re moving
ahead, if we ' re providing a viable economy, if our people have sufficient
resources so that they can consume what we produce; then this country ' s on
the move , then we ' re stronger , then we set a better example to
the world . So we have the problem of not only building our own uh –
military strength and extending uh – our policies abroad, we
have to do a job here at home. So I believe that the policies that I
recommend came under the general heading of strengthening the United
States . We ' re using our steel capacity fifty-five per cent today .
We ' re not able to consume what we ' re able to produce at a time when the
Soviet Union is making great economic gains. And all I say is, I don ' t know
what the sixties will bring – except I think they will bring hard times in
the uh – international sphere; I hope we can move ahead here at home
in the United States ; I ' m confident we can do a far better job of
mobilizing our economy and resources in the United States . And I merely
say that they – if they elect me president , I will do my best to
carry the United States through a difficult period; but I would not
want people to elect me because I promised them the easy, soft life. I
think it ' s going to be difficult ; but I ' m confident that this country
can meet its responsibilities .


date = 2012-10-22
user = ROMNEY
Thank you. Bob, Mr. President , folks at Lynn University, good to be
with you. I ' m optimistic about the future . I ' m excited about our
prospects as a nation . I want to see peace . I want to see growing
peace in this country. It ' s our objective. We have an opportunity to have
real leadership. America ' s going to have that kind of leadership and continue
to promote principles of peace to make a world a safer place and
make people in this country more confident that their future is secure.
I also want to make sure that we get this economy going. And there are two very
different paths the country can take. One is a path represented by the
president , which at the end of four years would mean we ' d have $20
trillion in debt heading towards Greece. I ' ll get us on track to a balanced
budget. The president ' s path will mean continuing declining in take-home
pay. I want to make sure our take-home pay turns around and starts to grow. The
president ' s path will mean continuing declining in take-home pay. I want
to make sure take-home pay turns around and starts to grow. The president '
s path means 20 million people out of work struggling for a
good job. I ' ll get people back to work with 12 million new jobs.
I ' m going to make sure that we get people off of food stamps, not by
cutting the program , but by getting them good jobs. America ' s going
to come back, and for that to happen, we ' re going to have to have a
president who can work across the aisle. I was in a state where my
legislature was 87 percent Democrat. I learned how to get along on the other
side of the aisle. We ' ve got to do that in Washington. Washington is broken.
I know what it takes to get this country back, and will work with good
Democrats and good Republicans to do that. This nation is the
hope of the earth. We ' ve been blessed by having a nation that ' s
free and prosperous thanks to the contributions of the greatest generation.
They ' ve held a torch for the world to see — the torch of freedom
and hope and opportunity. Now, it ' s our turn to take that torch. I ' m
convinced we ' ll do it. We need strong leadership. I ' d like to be that
leader with your support . I ' ll work with you. I ' ll lead
you in an open and honest way, and I ask for your vote. I ' d like to be the
next president of the United States to support and help this great
nation and to make sure that we all together remain America as the hope
of the earth. Thank you so much.


date = 1992-10-15
user = BUSH
Well, we have come to that position . Since I became president , 43 ,
44 countries have gone democratic , no longer totalitarian, no longer
living under dictatorship or communist rule. This is exciting. New
world order to me means freedom and democracy . I think we will
have a continuing responsibility , as the only remaining superpower, to
stay involved . If we pull back in some isolation and say we don ' t have
to do our share, or more than our share, anymore, I believe you are going to
just ask for conflagration that we ' ll get involved in the future .
NATO, for example, has kept the peace for many, many years, and I want to
see us keep fully staffed in NATO so we ' ll continue to guarantee the
peace in Europe. But the exciting thing is, the fear of nuclear war
is down. And you hear all the bad stuff that ' s happened on my watch; I
hope people will recognize that this is something pretty good for
mankind. I hope they ' ll think it ' s good that democracy and
freedom is on the move . And we ' re going to stay engaged, as long as
I ' m president , working to improve things. You know, it ' s so easy
now to say, hey, cut out foreign aid , we got a problem at home. I
think the US has to still have the Statue of Liberty as a symbol, caring for
others. Right this very minute we ' re sending supplies in to help these little
starving kids in Somalia. It ' s the US that ' s taken the lead in
humanitarian aid into Bosnia. We ' re doing this all around the world .
Yes, we got problems at home. And I think I got a good plan to help fix
those problems at home. But because of our leadership, because we didn ' t
listen to the freeze — the nuclear-freeze group, do you remember — freeze
it, back in the late 70s — freeze, don ' t touch it; we ' re going to lock it
in now or else we ' ll have war . President Reagan said no, peace
through strength . It worked . The Soviet Union is no more, and now we
' re working to help them become totally democratic through the
Freedom Support Act that I led on, a great Democratic ambassador,
Bob Strauss, over there, Jim Baker, all of us got this thing passed — through
cooperation, Ross — it worked with cooperation, and you ' re for that, I
' m sure, helping Russia become democratic . So the new world order
to me means freedom and democracy , keep engaged, do not pull back into
isolation. And we are the US, and we have a responsibility to lead and
to guarantee the security . If it hadn ' t been for us, Saddam Hussein
would be sitting on top of three-fifths of the oil supply of the world and
he ' d have nuclear weapons . And only the US could do this. Excuse me,


date = 1976-09-23
user = MR._CARTER
Well, tonight we ' ve had a chance to talk a lot about the past . But I
think it ' s time to talk about the future . Our nation in the last
eight years has been divided as never before. It ' s a time for unity. It ' s a
time to draw ourselves together: to have a president and a Congress that
can work together with mutual respect for a change, cooperating for a
change, in the open for a change, so the people can understand their own
government . It ' s time for government , industry, labor,
manufacturing, agriculture, education, other entities in our society to
cooperate. And it ' s a time for government to understand and to cooperate
with our people . For a long time our American citizens have been
excluded, sometimes misled, sometimes have been lied to. This is uh – not
compatible with the purpose of our nation . I believe in our country. It
needs to be competent. The government needs to be well-managed, efficient,
economical, We need to have a government that ' s sensitive to our
people ' s needs – to those who are poor, who don ' t have adequate
health care, who have been cheated too long with our tax programs , who '
ve been out of jobs, whose families have been torn apart. We need to restore
the faith and the trust of the American people in their own
government . In addition to that, we ' ve suffered because we haven ' t had
leadership in this administration. We ' ve got a government of stalemate.
We ' ve lost the vision of what our country can and ought to be. This is not
the America that we ' ve known in the past . It ' s not the America that we
have to have in the future . I don ' t claim to know all the answers. But I
' ve got confidence in my country. Our economic strength is still there.
Our system of government – in spite of Vietnam, Cambodia, CIA, Watergate
– is still the best system of government on earth. And the greatest
resource of all are the two hundred and fifteen million Americans who have
within us the strength , the character, the intelligence, the experience,
the patriotism, the idealism, the compassion, the sense of brotherhood on which
we can rely in the future to restore the greatness to our country We ought
not to be excluded from our government anymore. We need a president who
can go in – who derives his strength from the people . I owe the
special interests nothing. I owe everything to you, the people of this
country. And I believe that we can bind our wounds. I believe that we can
work together. And I believe that if we can tap the tremendous untapped
reservoir of innate strength in this country, that we can once again have a
government as good as our people , and let the world know what
we still know and hope for – that we still live in the greatest and the
strongest and the best country on earth.


date = 1980-10-28
user = MR._CARTER
First of all, I ' d like to thank the League of Women Voters for making this
debate possible. I think it ' s been a very constructive debate and I hope
it ' s helped to acquaint the American people with the sharp
differences between myself and Governor Reagan. Also, I want to thank the
people of Cleveland and Ohio for being such hospitable hosts during these
last few hours in my life. I ' ve been President now for almost four years.
I ' ve had to make thousands of decisions, and each one of those decisions has
been a learning process. I ' ve seen the strength of my nation , and I
' ve seen the crises it approached in a tentative way. And I ' ve had to deal
with those crises as best I could. As I ' ve studied the record between
myself and Governor Reagan, I ' ve been impressed with the stark differences
that exist between us. I think the result of this debate indicates that that
fact is true. I consider myself in the mainstream of my party. I consider
myself in the mainstream even of the bipartisan list of Presidents who
served before me. The United States must be a nation strong ;
the United States must be a nation secure. We must have a society
that ' s just and fair. And we must extend the benefits of our own
commitment to peace , to create a peaceful world . I believe that since
I ' ve been in office, there have been six or eight areas of combat evolved in
other parts of the world . In each case, I alone have had to determine the
interests of my country and the degree of involvement of my country. I ' ve
done that with moderation, with care, with thoughtfulness; sometimes consulting
experts. But, I ' ve learned in this last three and a half years that when an
issue is extremely difficult , when the call is very close, the chances are
the experts will be divided almost 50-50 . And the final judgment about the
future of the nation – war , peace , involvement, reticence,
thoughtfulness, care, consideration, concern – has to be made by the man in
the Oval Office. It ' s a lonely job, but with the involvement of the
American people in the process, with an open Government , the job
is a very gratifying one. The American people now are facing , next
Tuesday, a lonely decision. Those listening to my voice will have to make a
judgment about the future of this country. And I think they ought to
remember that one vote can make a lot of difference. If one vote per precinct
had changed in 1960 , John Kennedy would never have been President of this
nation . And if a few more people had gone to the polls and voted in
1968 , Hubert Humphrey would have been President ; Richard Nixon would not.
There is a partnership involved in our nation . To stay strong , to
stay at peace , to raise high the banner of human rights, to set an
example for the rest of the world , to let our deep beliefs and commitments
be felt by others in other nations , is my plan for the future . I
ask the American people to join me in this partnership.


date = 1976-10-06
user = MR._FORD
I don ' t believe we should move to a cold-war relationship. I think it ' s
in the best interest of the United States , and the world as a
whole that the United States negotiate rather than go back to the
cold-war relationship with the Soviet Union. I don ' t uh – look at the
picture as bleakly as you have indicated in your question , Mr. Trewhitt. I
believe that the United States ha- had many successes in recent years, in
recent months , as far as the Communist movement is concerned. We have
been successful in Portugal, where a year ago it looked like there was a very
great possibility that the uh – Communists would take over in Portugal.
It didn ' t happen. We have a democracy in Portugal today . A few uh
– months ago, or I should say, maybe two years ago, the Soviet Union
looked like they had continued strength in the Middle East. Today ,
according to Prime Minister Rabin, the Soviet Union is weaker in the Middle
East than they have been in many, many years. The facts are, there – the
Soviet Union relationship with Egypt is uh – at a low level. The
Soviet Union relationship with Syria is at a very low point . The
United States today , according to Prime Minister Rabin of Israel, is
a- at a peak in its uh – influence and power in the Middle East. But
let ' s turn for a minute to the uhh – southern African operations that are
now going on. The United States of America took the initiative in southern
Africa. We wanted to end the bloodshed in southern Africa. We wanted to have
the right of self-determination in southern Africa. We wanted to have majority
rule with the full protection of the rights of the minority . We wanted to
preserve human dignity in southern Africa. We have taken the initiative,
and in southern Africa today the United States is trusted by the black
front-line nations and black Africa. The United States is trusted by
other elements in southern Africa. The United States foreign policy
under this administration has been one of progress and success. And I believe
that instead of talking about Soviet progress, we can talk about
American successes. And may I make an observation – part of the
question you asked, Mr. Trewhitt? I don ' t believe that it ' s in the
best interest of the United States and the NATO nations to have
a Communist government in NATO. Mr. Carter has indicated he would look
with sympathy to a Communist government in NATO. I think that would
destroy the integrity and the strength of NATO, and I am totally opposed to


date = 1984-10-21
user = MR._MONDALE
No. And I have not made it an issue, nor should it be. What ' s at issue here
is the President ' s application of his authority to understand what a
President must know to lead this nation , secure our defense, and
make the decisions and the judgments that are necessary. A minute ago the
President quoted Cicero, I believe. I want to quote somebody a little
closer to home, Harry Truman. He said, " The buck stops here. " We just heard
the President ' s answer for the problems at the barracks in Lebanon, where
241 marines were killed . What happened? First, the Joint Chiefs of Staff
went to the President , said, " Don ' t put those troops there. " They did
it. And then 5 days before the troops were killed , they went back to
the President , through the Secretary of Defense, and said, " Please, Mr.
President , take those troops out of there because we can ' t defend
them. " They didn ' t do it. And we know what happened. After that, once again,
our Embassy was exploded. This is the fourth time this has happened — an
identical attack, in the same region, despite warnings — even public warnings
— from the terrorists. Who ' s in charge? Who ' s handling this matter? That
' s my main point . Now, on arms control , we ' re completing 4
years. This is the first administration since the bomb went off that made no
progress. We have an arms race underway instead. A President has to
lead his government or it won ' t be done. Different people with
different views fight with each other. For 3\1 / 2\ years, this administration
avoided arms control , resisted tabling arms control proposals
that had any hope of agreeing , rebuked their negotiator in 1981 when
he came close to an agreement , at least in principle, on medium-range
weapons . And we have this arms race underway. And a recent book
that just came out by perhaps the Nation ' s most respected author in this
field, Strobe Talbott, called " Deadly Gambits, " concludes that this
President has failed to master the essential details needed to command and
lead us, both in terms of security and terms of arms control .
That ' s why they call the President the Commander in Chief. Good
intentions, I grant. But it takes more than that. You must be tough and smart.
The President ' s Leadership Mr. Trewhitt. This question of leadership
keeps arising in different forms in this discussion already. And the
President , Mr. Mondale, has called you whining and vacillating, among the
more charitable phrases — weak, I believe. It is a question of
leadership. And he has made the point that you have not repudiated some of
the semidiplomatic activity of the Reverend Jackson, particularly in Central
America. Did you approve of his diplomatic activity? And are you prepared to
repudiate him now? I read his statement the other day . I don ' t admire
Fidel Castro at all. And I ' ve said that. Che Guevara was a contemptible
figure in civilization ' s history. I know the Cuban state as a police state,
and all my life I ' ve worked in a way that demonstrates that. But Jesse
Jackson is an independent person. I don ' t control him. And let ' s talk
about people we do control . In the last debate, \1\ ( FOOTNOTE ) the
Vice President of the United States said that I said the marines had
died shamefully and died in shame in Lebanon. I demanded an apology from Vice
President Bush because I had, instead, honored these young men, grieved for
their families, and think they were wonderful Americans that honored us all.
What does the President have to say about taking responsibility for a
Vice President who won ' t apologize for something like that? ( FOOTNOTE )
\1\Mr. Mondale was referring to an earlier debate between George Bush and
Geraldine Ferarro, the Vice-Presidential candidates.


date = 1976-10-06
user = MR._FORD
I believe that uh – our foreign policy must express the
highest standards of morality. And the initiatives that we took in southern
Africa are the best examples of what this administration is doing and will
continue to do in the next four years. If the United States had not
moved when we did in southern Africa, there ' s no doubt there would have
been an acceleration of bloodshed in that tragic part of the world . If we
had not taken our initiative, it ' s very, very possible that uh – the
government of Rhodesia would have been overrun and that the Soviet Union
and the Cubans would have dominated uh – southern Africa. So the United
States , seeking to preserve the principle of self-determination, to
eliminate the possibility of bloodshed, to protect the rights of the
minority as we insisted upon the rights of the majority, uh – I believe
followed the good conscience of the American people in
foreign policy . And I believe that we used our skill. Secretary of
State Kissinger has done a superb job in working with the black African
nations , the so-called front-line nations . He has done a superb job
in getting the prime minister of South Africa, Mr. Vorster, to agree that
the time had come for a solution to the problem of Rhodesia. Secretary
Kissinger, in his meeting with uh – Prime Minister Smith of Rhodesia, was
able to convince him that it was in the best interests of whites as
well as blacks in Rhodesia to find an answer for a transitional government
and then a majority government . This is a perfect example of the kind of
leadership that the United States , under this administration, has taken.
And I can assure you that this administration will follow that high
moral principle in our future efforts in foreign policy ,
including our efforts in the Middle East where it is vitally important
because the Middle East is the crossroads of the world . There ' ve been
more disputes in its area where there ' s more volatility than any other
place in the world . But because Arab nations and the Israelis
trust the United States , we were able to take the lead in the Sinai II
Agreement. And I can assure you that the United States will have the
leadership role in moving toward a comprehensive settlement of the Middle
Eastern problems, I hope and trust as soon as possible. And we will do it
with the highest moral principles.
