

date = 1960-09-26
user = SENATOR_KENNEDY
Mr. Smith, Mr. Nixon. In the election of 1860 , Abraham Lincoln said the
question was whether this nation could exist half-slave or half-free. In the
election of 1960 , and with the world around us, the question is whether the
world will exist half-slave or half-free, whether it will move in the direction
of freedom, in the direction of the road that we are taking, or whether it will
move in the direction of slavery. I think it will depend in great measure upon
what we do here in the United States, on the kind of society that we build,
on the kind of strength that we maintain. We discuss tonight domestic issues,
but I would not want that to be any implication to be given that this does not
involve directly our struggle with Mr. Khrushchev for survival. Mr.
Khrushchev is in New York, and he maintains the Communist offensive throughout
the world because of the productive power of the Soviet Union itself. The
Chinese Communists have always had a large population. But they are important
and dangerous now because they are mounting a major effort within their own
country. The kind of country we have here, the kind of society we have, the
kind of strength we build in the United States will be the defense of freedom.
If we do well here, if we meet our obligations, if we ' re moving ahead, then I
think freedom will be secure around the world. If we fail, then freedom fails.
Therefore, I think the question before the American people is: Are we doing as
much as we can do? Are we as strong as we should be? Are we as strong as we
must be if we ' re going to maintain our independence, and if we ' re going to
maintain and hold out the hand of friendship to those who look to us for
assistance, to those who look to us for survival? I should make it very clear
that I do not think we ' re doing enough, that I am not satisfied as an
American with the progress that we ' re making. This is a great country, but I
think it could be a greater country; and this is a powerful country, but I
think it could be a more powerful country. I ' m not satisfied to have fifty
percent of our steel-mill capacity unused. I ' m not satisfied when the United
States had last year the lowest rate of economic growth of any major
industrialized society in the world. Because economic growth means
strength and vitality; it means we ' re able to sustain our defenses; it means
we ' re able to meet our commitments abroad. I ' m not satisfied when we have
over nine billion dollars worth of food – some of it rotting – even though
there is a hungry world, and even though four million Americans wait every
month for a food package from the government, which averages five cents a
day per individual. I saw cases in West Virginia, here in the United States,
where children took home part of their school lunch in order to feed their
families because I don ' t think we ' re meeting our obligations toward these
Americans. I ' m not satisfied when the Soviet Union is turning out twice as
many scientists and engineers as we are. I ' m not satisfied when many of our
teachers are inadequately paid, or when our children go to school part-time
shifts. I think we should have an educational system second to none. I ' m not
satisfied when I see men like Jimmy Hoffa – in charge of the largest union in
the United States – still free. I ' m not satisfied when we are failing to
develop the natural resources of the United States to the fullest. Here in the
United States, which developed the Tennessee Valley and which built the Grand
Coulee and the other dams in the Northwest United States at the present rate of
hydropower production – and that is the hallmark of an industrialized
society – the Soviet Union by 1975 will be producing more power than we
are. These are all the things, I think, in this country that can make our
society strong, or can mean that it stands still. I ' m not satisfied until
every American enjoys his full constitutional rights. If a Negro baby is
born – and this is true also of Puerto Ricans and Mexicans in some of our
cities – he has about one-half as much chance to get through high school as a
white baby. He has one-third as much chance to get through college as a white
student. He has about a third as much chance to be a professional man, about
half as much chance to own a house. He has about uh – four times as much
chance that he ' ll be out of work in his life as the white baby. I think we
can do better. I don ' t want the talents of any American to go to waste. I
know that there are those who want to turn everything over to the government. I
don ' t at all. I want the individuals to meet their responsibilities. And I
want the states to meet their responsibilities. But I think there is also a
national responsibility. The argument has been used against every piece of
social legislation in the last twenty-five years. The people of the United
States individually could not have developed the Tennessee Valley; collectively
they could have. A cotton farmer in Georgia or a peanut farmer or a
dairy farmer in Wisconsin and Minnesota, he cannot protect himself against
the forces of supply and demand in the market place; but working together in
effective governmental programs he can do so. Seventeen million Americans, who
live over sixty-five on an average Social Security check of about seventy-eight
dollars a month, they ' re not able to sustain themselves individually, but
they can sustain themselves through the social security system. I don ' t
believe in big government, but I believe in effective governmental action. And
I think that ' s the only way that the United States is going to maintain its
freedom. It ' s the only way that we ' re going to move ahead. I think we can
do a better job. I think we ' re going to have to do a better job if we are
going to meet the responsibilities which time and events have placed upon us.
We cannot turn the job over to anyone else. If the United States fails, then
the whole cause of freedom fails. And I think it depends in great measure on
what we do here in this country. The reason Franklin Roosevelt was a good
neighbor in Latin America was because he was a good neighbor in the United
States. Because they felt that the American society was moving again. I
want us to recapture that image. I want people in Latin America and Africa and
Asia to start to look to America; to see how we ' re doing things; to wonder
what the resident of the United States is doing; and not to look at Khrushchev,
or look at the Chinese Communists. That is the obligation upon our generation.
In 1933 , Franklin Roosevelt said in his inaugural that this generation of
Americans has a rendezvous with destiny. I think our generation of Americans
has the same rendezvous. The question now is: Can freedom be maintained under
the most severe tack – attack it has ever known? I think it can be. And I
think in the final analysis it depends upon what we do here. I think it ' s
time America started moving again.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well first may I correct a statement which was made before, that under my
agricultural program food prices would go up twenty-five percent. That ' s
untrue. The fa- the farmer who grows wheat gets about two and a half
cents out of a twenty-five-cent loaf of bread. Even if you put his income
up ten percent, that would be two and three-quarters percent three pers- or
three cents out of that twenty-five cents . The t- man who grows
tomatoes – it costs less for those tomatoes than it does for the label on the
can. And I believe when the average hour for many farmers ' wage is about
fifty cents an hour, he should do better. But anybody who suggests that
that program would c- come to any figure indicated by the Vice President is in
error. The Vice President suggested a number of things. He suggested that we
aid distressed areas. The Administration has vetoed that bill passed by the
Congress twice. He suggested we pass an aid to education bill. But the
Administration and the Republican majority in the Congress has opposed any
realistic aid to education. And the Vice President cast the deciding vote
against federal aid for teachers ' salaries in the Senate, which
prevented that being added. This Administration and this country last year had
the lowest rate of economic growth – which means jobs – of any major
industrialized society in the world in 1959 . And when we have to find
twenty-five thousand new jobs a week for the next ten years, we ' re going to
have to grow more. Governor Rockefeller says five per cent . The Democratic
platform and others say five per cent . Many say four and a half per
cent . The last eight years the average growth has been about two and a
half per cent . That ' s why we don ' t have full employment today.


date = 1960-09-26
user = MR._NIXON
I ' m awfully glad you ge- got that question because as you know I got into it
at the last of my other question and wasn ' t able to complete the argument. Uh
– I think that the reason that I voted against having the federal
government uh – pay teachers ' salaries was probably the very reason that
concerned Senator Kennedy when in January of this year, in his kick-off press
conference, he said that he favored aid for school construction, but at that
time did not feel that there should be aid for teachers ' salaries – at
least that ' s the way I read his remarks. Now, why should there be any
question about the federal government aiding s- teachers ' salaries ?
Why did Senator Kennedy take that position then? Why do I take it now? We both
took it then, and I take it now, for this reason: we want higher teachers '
salaries . We need higher teachers ' salaries . But we also want our
education to be free of federal control. When the federal government
gets the power to pay teachers, inevitably in my opinion, it will acquire the
power to set standards and to tell the teachers what to teach. I think this
would be bad for the country; I think it would be bad for the teaching
profession. There is another point that should be made. I favor higher
salaries for teachers. But, as Senator Kennedy said in January of this year
in this same press conference, the way that you get higher salaries for
teachers is to support school construction, which means that all of the local
school districts in the various states then have money which is freed to
raise the standards for teachers ' salaries . I should also point out this;
once you put the responsibility on the federal government for paying a
portion of teachers ' salaries , your local communities and your states are
not going to meet the responsibility as much as they should. I believe, in
other words, that we have seen the local communities and the state assuming
more of that responsibility. Teachers ' salaries very fortunately have gone
up fifty percent in the last eight years as against only a thirty-four percent
rise for other salaries . This is not enough; it should be more. But I do
not believe that the way to get more salaries for teachers is to have the
federal government get in with a massive program. My objection here is not
the cost in dollars. My objection here is the potential cost in controls and
eventual freedom for the American people by giving the federal government
power over education, and that is the greatest power a government can have.


date = 1976-10-22
user = MR.FORD
support the uh – Republican uh – platform, which calls for the
constitutional amendment that would uh – outlaw abortions . I
favor the particular constitutional amendment that would turn over to
the states the uh – individual right to the voters in those states uh – the
chance to make a decision by public referendum. Uh I call that the people
amendment . I think if you really believe that the people of a state ought
to make a decision on a matter of this kind that uh – we ought to have a
federal constitutional amendment that would permit each one of the
fifty states to make the choice. Uh – I think this is a responsible and a
proper way to proceed. Uhh – I believe also that uh – there is some merit
to a – an amendment that uh – uh – Senator Everett Dirksen uh –
proposed very frequently, an amendment that would uh – change the court
decision as far as voluntary prayer in public schools. Uh – it seems to me
that there should have – be an opportunity, uh – as long as it ' s
voluntary, as long as there is no uh – compulsion whatsoever, that uh – an
individual ought to have that right. So in those two cases I think uh – such
uh – a constitutional amendment would be proper, and I really don ' t
think in either case they ' re trivial matters. I think they ' re matters of
very deep conviction, as far as many, many people in this country believe. And
therefore, they shouldn ' t be treated lightly. But they ' re matters that are
ah – important. And in those two cases, I would favor them.


date = 2004-10-13
user = KERRY
Well, I ' m glad you raised that question. It ' s long overdue time to raise
the minimum wage. And, America, this is one of those issues that separates
the president and myself. We have fought to try to raise the minimum wage
in the last years. But the Republican leadership of the House and Senate won '
t even let us have a vote on it. We ' re not allowed to vote on it. They don '
t want to raise the minimum wage. The minimum wage is the lowest
minimum wage value it has been in our nation in 50 years. If we raise the
minimum wage, which I will do over several years to $7 an hour, 9 . 2
million women who are trying to raise their families would earn another $3 ,
800 a year. The president has denied 9 . 2 million women $3 , 800 a year, but
he doesn ' t hesitate to fight for $136 , 000 to a millionaire. One percent of
America got $89 billion last year in a tax cut, but people working hard,
playing by the rules, trying to take care of their kids, family values, that we
' re supposed to value so much in America — I ' m tired of politicians who
talk about family values and don ' t value families. What we need to do is
raise the minimum wage. We also need to hold on to equal pay. Women work
for 76 cents on the dollar for the same work that men do. That ' s not
right in America. And we had an initiative that we were working on to raise
women ' s pay. They ' ve cut it off. They ' ve stopped it. They don ' t enforce
these kinds of things. Now, I think that it ' s a matter of fundamental right
that if we raise the minimum wage, 15 million Americans would be positively
affected. We ' d put money into the hands of people who work hard, who obey the
rules, who play for the American dream. And if we did that, we ' d have more
consumption ability in America, which is what we need right now in order to
kick our economy into gear. I will fight tooth and nail to pass the minimum


date = 1976-10-22
user = MR._CARTER
I would not work hard to support any of those. Uh – we ' ve always had, I
think, a lot of constitutional amendments proposed, but the passage of
them has been uh – fairly slow, and uh – few and far between. In the
two-hundred-year history there ' s been a very uh – cautious approach to
this. We – quite often we have a transient problem. I – I ' m strongly
against a- abortion . I think abortion ' s wrong. I don ' t think the
government oughta do anything to encourage abortion . But I don ' t favor a
constitutional amendment on the subject. But short of the
constitutional amendment , and within the confines of the Supreme Court
rulings, I ' ll do everything I can to minimize the need for abortions with
better sex education, family planning, with better adoptive procedures. I
personally don ' t believe that the federal government oughta finance
abortions , but I – I draw the line and don ' t support a
constitutional amendment . However, I honor the right of people who
seek the constitutional amendments on school busing, on uh – prayer
in the schools and an abortion . But among those you named, I won ' t
actively work for the passage of any of them.


date = 1984-10-11
user = BUSH
No, Mr. White, I think our record on civil rights is a good record. You
mentioned the Voting Rights extension; it was extended for the longest period
of time by President Reagan. But we have some problems in attracting the
black vote, and I think our record deserves better. We have done more for
black colleges than any previous administration. We favor enterprise zones
to give – and it ' s been blocked by Tip O ' Neill and that House of
Representatives, those liberals in that House blocked a new idea to bring jobs
into the black communities across the country. And because it ' s not an
old handout, special federal spending program, it ' s blocked there – a
good idea. And I ' d like to sec that tried. We ' ve brought more civil rights
cases in the Justice Department than the previous administration by far. We
believe in trying something new to help these black teenage kids; the
minimum wage differential that says, " Look, " to an employer, " hire these
guys. And, yes, they ' re willing to work for slightly less than the
minimum wage. Give ' em a training job in the private sector. " We threw
out that old CETA that didn ' t train people for jobs that existed, simply
rammed them onto the government payroll, and we put in a thing called the Job
Training Partnership Act. Wonderful new legislation that ' s helping
blacks more and more. We think of civil rights as something like crime in
your neighborhoods. And, for example, when crime figures are going in the right
direction that ' s good, that ' s a civil right. Similarly, we think of it in
terms of quality of life, and that means interest rates. You know, it ' s
funny, Mr. Mondale talks about real interest rates. The real interest rate is
what you pay when you go down and try to buy a TV set or buy a car, or do
whatever it is. The interest rates when we left office were 21 % percent.
Inflation! Is it a civil right to have the going right off the chart so you '
re busting every American family, those who can afford it the least? No, we '
ve got a good record. We ' ve got it on civil rights legislation , minority
set-asides, more help for black colleges, and we ' ve got it in terms of an
economy that ' s offering people opportunity and hope instead of despair.


date = 1980-09-21
user = ANDERSON
Ms. Golden, certainly the church has the right to take a position on moral
issues. But to try, as occurred in the case that you mentioned – that
specific case – to try to tell the parishioners of any church , of any
denomination, how they should vote, or for whom they should vote, I think
violates the principle of separation of church and state. Now, Governor
Reagan is running on a platform that calls for a Constitutional
amendment banning abortion . I think that is a moral issue that ought
to be left to the freedom of conscience of the individual. And for the state to
interfere with a Constitutional amendment , and tell a woman that she
must carry that pregnancy to term, regardless of her personal belief ,
that, I think, violates freedom of conscience as much as anything that I can
think of. And he is also running on a platform that suggests a litmus test for
the selection of judges – that only judges that hold a certain, quote, "
view, " on the sanctity of family life, ought to be appointed to the Federal
Judiciary, one of the three great independent branches of our Government. No. I
believe in freedom of choice. I don ' t believe in Constitutional
Amendments that would interfere with that. I don ' t believe in trying to
legislate new tests for the selection of the Federal Judiciary. On the
Amendment that you mentioned, I abandoned it 15 years ago. And I have said
freely, all over this country, that it was a mistake for me or anyone to ever
try to put the Judeo-Christian heritage of this country, important as it is,
and important as my religious faith is to me – it ' s a very deeply
personal matter. But for me to try, in this very pluralistic society of
ours, to try to frame any definition, whatever, of what that belief should
be, is wrong. And so, not once, but twice – in 1971 – I voted on the floor
of the House of Representatives against a Constitutional amendment that
tried to bring prayer back into the public schools. I think mother ought to
whisper to Johnny and to Susie, as they button their coats in the morning and
leave for the classroom, " Be sure to say a prayer before you start your day '
s work. " But I don ' t think that the state, the Board of Regents, a Board of
Education, or any state official, should try to compose that prayer for a child
to recite.


date = 1960-09-26
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well, because I think that if the federal government moved out of the
program and withdrew its supports uh – then I think you would have complete
uh – economic chaos. The farmer plants in the spring and harvests in the
fall. There are hundreds of thousands of them. They really don ' t – they '
re not able to control their market very well. They bring their crops in or
their livestock in, many of them about the same time. They have only a few
purchasers that buy their milk or their hogs – a few large companies in many
cases – and therefore the farmer is not in a position to bargain very
effectively in the market place. I think the experience of the twenties has
shown what a free market could do to agriculture. And if the agricultural
economy collapses, then the economy of the rest of the United States sooner or
later will collapse. The farmers are the number one market for the
automobile industry of the United States. The automobile industry is the number
one market for steel. So if the farmers ' economy continues to decline as
sharply as it has in recent years, then I think you would have a recession in
the rest of the country. So I think the case for the government intervention is
a good one. Secondly, my objection to present farm policy is that there are no
effective controls to bring supply and demand into better balance. The dropping
of the support price in order to limit production does not work, and we now
have the highest uh – surpluses – nine billion dollars worth. We ' ve had a
uh – higher tax load from the Treasury for the farmer in the last few
years with the lowest farm income in many years. I think that this farm policy
has failed. In my judgment the only policy that will work will be for effective
supply and demand to be in balance. And that can only be done through
governmental action. I therefore suggest that in those basic commodities which
are supported, that the federal government, after endorsement by the
farmers in that commodity, attempt to bring supply and demand into balance
– attempt effective production controls – so that we won ' t have that five
or six per cent surplus which breaks the price fifteen or twenty per
cent . I think Mr. Benson ' s program has failed. And I must say, after
reading the Vice President ' s speech before the farmers , as he read mine,
I don ' t believe that it ' s very much different from Mr. Benson ' s. I don '
t think it provides effective governmental controls. I think the support prices
are tied to the average market price of the last three years, which was Mr.
Benson ' s theory. I therefore do not believe that this is a sharp enough
breach with the past to give us any hope of success for the future.


date = 2000-10-17
user = BUSH
I would like our farmers feeding the world. We ' re the best producers in
the world, and I want — I want the farmers feeding the world. We need to
open up markets. Exports are down, and every time an export number goes down,
it hurts the farmer . I want the next president to have fast track
negotiating authority to open up markets around the world. Weâ€ trade_mark_e
re the best and the most efficient farmers . I don ' t want to use food as
a diplomatic weapon from this point forward. We shouldn ' t be using food. It
hurts the farmers . It ' s not the right thing to do. I ' m for value-added
processing. We need more work on value-added processing. You take the raw
product you produce, I presume you ' re a farmer , off your farm, and you
convert it. Value-added processing is important. I ' m for research and
development. Spending research and development money so that we can use our
technological base to figure out new uses for farm products. I ' m for getting
rid of the death tax, completely getting rid of the death tax. One reason
family farmers are forced to sell early is because of the death tax. This
is a bad tax. The President shouldn ' t have vetoed that bill. It ' s a tax
that taxes people twice. It penalizes the family farmer . So should I be
fortunate enough to earn your vote, I also understand — I want to open up
markets, but I also understand that farming is a part of our national security.
I ' m from a big farm state. We ' re the second biggest state — farming state
in the country. And I hear from my farmers and friends all the time. The
Vice President is right, by the way. Every day is earth day if you own the
land. I like the policies that will encourage farmers to put — set aside
land as well for conservation purposes. Thank you.


date = 1988-10-05
user = QUAYLE
Senator Bentsen talks about recapturing the foreign markets. Well, I ' ll tell
you one way that we ' re not going to recapture the foreign markets and that is
if, in fact, we have another Jimmy Carter grain embargo. ( Equal amounts of
cheering and booing ) Jimmy Carter – Jimmy Carter grain embargo set the
American farmer back. You know what the farmer ' s interested in? Net
farm income. Every one percent in increase in interest rates, a billion dollars
out of the farmer ' s pocket. Net farm income, increased inflation, another
billion dollars. Another thing that a farmer is not interested in and that
' s supply management that the Democratic platform talks about. But the
Governor of Massachusetts, he has a farm program. He went to the farmers in
the Midwest and told them not to grow corn, not to grow soybeans, but to grow
Belgium endive. That ' s what his – that ' s what he and his Harvard buddies
think of the American farmer , grow Belgium endive. To come in and to tell
our farmers not to grow corn, not to grow soybeans, that ' s the kind of
farm policy you ' ll get under a Dukakis administration and one I think the
American farmer rightfully will reject.


date = 1976-10-22
user = MR._FORD
Let me say at the outset, uh – I ' m very proud of the record of this
administration. In the cabinet I have one of the outstanding, I think,
administrators as the secretary of transportation, Bill Coleman. You ' re
familiar, I ' m sure, with the recognition given in the Air Force to uh –
General James, and there was just uh – approved a three-star admiral, the
first in the history of the United States Navy, so uh – we are giving full
recognition to individuals of quality in the Ford administration in positions
of great responsibility. In addition, uh – the Department of Justice is fully
enforcing, and enforcing effectively, the Voting Rights Act, the
legislation that involves jobs, housing for minorities, not only blacks
but all others. Uh – the Department of uh – uh – HUD is enforcing the new
legislation that uhh – outlaws, that takes care of redlining. Uh – what
we ' re doing is saying that there are opportunities, business opportunities,
educational opportunities, responsibilities uh – where people with talent,
black or any other minority, can fully qualify. The Office of Minority
Business in the Department of Commerce has made available more money in trying
to help uh – black businessmen or other minority businessmen than any
other administration since the office was established. The Office of Small
Business, under Mr. Kobelinski, has a very massive program trying to help the
black community. The individual who wants to start a business or expand his
business as a black businessman is able to borrow, either directly or with
guaranteed loans. I believe on the record that this administration has been
more responsive and we have carried out the law to the letter, and I ' m proud
of the record.


date = 2012-10-16
user = ROMNEY
Thank you. Lorraine? Did I get that right? Good. Thank you for your question.
And let me step back and tell you what I would like to do with our immigration
policy broadly and include an answer to your question. But first of all, this
is a nation of immigrants. We welcome people coming to this country as
immigrants. My dad was born in Mexico of American parents; Ann ' s dad was born
in Wales and is a first-generation American. We welcome legal immigrants
into this country. I want our legal system to work better. I want it to be
streamlined. I want it to be clearer. I don ' t think you have to — shouldn '
t have to hire a lawyer to figure out how to get into this country legally. I
also think that we should give visas to people — green cards, rather, to
people who graduate with skills that we need. People around the world with
accredited degrees in science and math get a green card stapled to their
diploma, come to the U. S. of A. We should make sure our legal system
works. Number two, we ' re going to have to stop illegal immigration. There are
4 million people who are waiting in line to get here legally. Those who ' ve
come here illegally take their place. So I will not grant amnesty to those who
have come here illegally. What I will do is I ' ll put in place an employment
verification system and make sure that employers that hire people who have come
here illegally are sanctioned for doing so. I won ' t put in place magnets for
people coming here illegally. So for instance, I would not give driver ' s
licenses to those that have come here illegally as the president would. The
kids of those that came here illegally, those kids, I think, should have a
pathway to become a permanent resident of the United States and military
service, for instance, is one way they would have that kind of pathway to
become a permanent resident. Now when the president ran for office, he said
that he ' d put in place, in his first year, a piece of legislation —
he ' d file a bill in his first year that would reform our — our immigration
system, protect legal immigration, stop illegal immigration. He didn ' t do
it. He had a Democrat House, a Democrat Senate, super majority in both Houses.
Why did he fail to even promote legislation that would have provided an
answer for those that want to come legally and for those that are here
illegally today? What ' s a question I think the — the president will have a
chance to answer right now.


date = 2000-10-05
user = CHENEY
The abortion issue is a very tough one, without question, and a very
important one. Governor Bush and I have emphasized while, while we are clearly
both pro-life, thatâ€ trade_mark_e s what we believe. We want to reduce the
incidence of abortion on our society . Many on the pro-choice side have
said the same thing. Even Bill Clinton has advocated reducing abortion to
make it as rare as possible. With respect to the question of RU-486 , we
believe that — of course, that it ' s recently been approved by the FDA. That
really was a question of whether or not it was safe to be used by women. They
didn ' t address the sort of the question of whether or not there should or
should not be abortion in the society so much as evaluate that
particular drug. What we would like to be able to do is to look for ways to
reach across the divide between the two points of view and find things that we
can do together to reduce the incidence of abortion . Such things as
promoting adoption as an alternative. Encouraging parental notification. And we
also think banning the horrific practice of partial birth abortions is
an area where there could be agreement. Congress has twice passed by
overwhelming margins, a significant number of votes from both parties, the ban
on partial birth abortions . Twice it ' s been vetoed by Bill Clinton
and Al Gore. We would hope eventually they would recognize that ' s not a good
position for them to be in. With respect to the RU-486 proposal, at this stage
I haven ' t looked in particular at that particular piece of
legislation . Governor Bush made it clear the other night he did not
anticipate that he would be able to go in and direct the FDA to reverse course
on that particular issue, primarily because the decision they made was on the
drug, not the question of whether or not it would support abortion .


date = 1980-10-28
user = MR._REAGAN
When I opposed Medicare, there was another piece of legislation meeting
the same problem before the Congress. I happened to favor the other piece
of legislation and thought that it would be better for the senior citizens
and provide better care than the one that was finally passed. I was not
opposing the principle of providing care for them. I was opposing one piece
of legislation versus another. There is something else about Social
Security. Of course, it doesn ' t come out of the payroll tax. It comes out of
a general fund, but something should be done about it. I think it is
disgraceful that the Disability Insurance Fund in Social Security finds checks
going every month to tens of thousands of people who are locked up in our
institutions for crime or for mental illness, and they are receiving disability
checks from Social Security every month while a state institution provides for
all of their needs and their care.


date = 1960-09-26
user = MR._NIXON
Mr. Smith, Senator Kennedy. The things that Senator Kennedy has said many of us
can agree with. There is no question but that we cannot discuss our internal
affairs in the United States without recognizing that they have a tremendous
bearing on our international position. There is no question but that this
nation cannot stand still; because we are in a deadly competition, a
competition not only with the men in the Kremlin, but the men in Peking. We '
re ahead in this competition, as Senator Kennedy, I think, has implied. But
when you ' re in a race, the only way to stay ahead is to move ahead. And I
subscribe completely to the spirit that Senator Kennedy has expressed tonight,
the spirit that the United States should move ahead. Where, then, do we
disagree? I think we disagree on the implication of his remarks tonight and on
the statements that he has made on many occasions during his campaign to the
effect that the United States has been standing still. We heard tonight, for
example, the statement made that our growth in national product last year
was the lowest of any industrial nation in the world. Now last year, of course,
was 1958 . That happened to be a recession year. But when we look at the
growth of G. N. P. this year, a year of recovery, we find that it ' s six
and nine-tenths per cent and one of the highest in the world today. More
about that later. Looking then to this problem of how the United States should
move ahead and where the United States is moving, I think it is well that we
take the advice of a very famous campaigner: Let ' s look at the record. Is the
United States standing still? Is it true that this Administration, as Senator
Kennedy has charged, has been an Administration of retreat, of defeat, of
stagnation? Is it true that, as far as this country is concerned, in the field
of electric power, in all of the fields that he has mentioned, we have not been
moving ahead. Well, we have a comparison that we can make. We have the record
of the Truman Administration of seven and a half years and the seven and a half
years of the Eisenhower Administration. When we compare these two records in
the areas that Senator Kennedy has – has discussed tonight, I think we find
that America has been moving ahead. Let ' s take schools. We have built more
schools in these last seven and a half years than we built in the previous
seven and a half, for that matter in the previous twenty years. Let ' s take
hydroelectric power. We have developed more hydroelectric power in these seven
and a half years than was developed in any previous administration in history.
Let us take hospitals. We find that more have been built in this Administration
than in the previous Administration. The same is true of highways. Let ' s put
it in terms that all of us can understand. We often hear gross national product
discussed and in that respect may I say that when we compare the growth in
this Administration with that of the previous Administration that then there
was a total growth of eleven percent over seven years; in this
Administration there has been a total growth of nineteen per cent over
seven years. That shows that there ' s been more growth in this
Administration than in its predecessor. But let ' s not put it there; let ' s
put it in terms of the average family. What has happened to you? We find that
your wages have gone up five times as much in the Eisenhower Administration as
they did in the Truman Administration. What about the prices you pay? We find
that the prices you pay went up five times as much in the Truman Administration
as they did in the Eisenhower Administration. What ' s the net result of this?
This means that the average family income went up fifteen per cent in the
Eisenhower years as against two per cent in the Truman years. Now, this is
not standing still. But, good as this record is, may I emphasize it isn ' t
enough. A record is never something to stand on. It ' s something to build on.
And in building on this record, I believe that we have the secret for progress,
we know the way to progress. And I think, first of all, our own record proves
that we know the way. Senator Kennedy has suggested that he believes he knows
the way. I respect the sincerity which he m- which he makes that suggestion.
But on the other hand, when we look at the various programs that he offers,
they do not seem to be new. They seem to be simply retreads of the programs of
the Truman Administration which preceded it. And I would suggest that during
the course of the evening he might indicate those areas in which his programs
are new, where they will mean more progress than we had then. What kind of
programs are we for? We are for programs that will expand educational
opportunities, that will give to all Americans their equal chance for
education, for all of the things which are necessary and dear to the hearts of
our people. We are for programs, in addition, which will see that our medical
care for the aged are – is – are much – is much better handled than it is
at the present time. Here again, may I indicate that Senator Kennedy and I are
not in disagreement as to the aims. We both want to help the old people. We
want to see that they do have adequate medical care. The question is the means.
I think that the means that I advocate will reach that goal better than the
means that he advocates. I could give better examples, but for – for whatever
it is, whether it ' s in the field of housing, or health, or medical care, or
schools, or the eh- development of electric power, we have programs which we
believe will move America, move her forward and build on the wonderful record
that we have made over these past seven and a half years. Now, when we look at
these programs, might I suggest that in evaluating them we often have a
tendency to say that the test of a program is how much you ' re spending. I
will concede that in all the areas to which I have referred Senator Kennedy
would have the spe- federal government spend more than I would have it
spend. I costed out the cost of the Democratic platform. It runs a minimum
of thirteen and two-tenths billions dollars a year more than we are presently
spending to a maximum of eighteen billion dollars a year more than we ' re
presently spending. Now the Republican platform will cost more too. It will
cost a minimum of four billion dollars a year more, a maximum of four and
nine-tenths billion dollar a year more than we ' re presently spending. Now,
does this mean that his program is better than ours? Not at all. Because it isn
' t a question of how much the federal government spends; it isn ' t a
question of which government does the most. It is a question of which
administration does the right thing. And in our case, I do believe that our
programs will stimulate the creative energies of a hundred and eighty million
free Americans. I believe the programs that Senator Kennedy advocates will have
a tendency to stifle those creative energies, I believe in other words, that
his program would lead to the stagnation of the motive power that we need in
this country to get progress. The final point that I would like to make is
this: Senator Kennedy has suggested in his speeches that we lack compassion for
the poor, for the old, and for others that are unfortunate. Let us understand
throughout this campaign that his motives and mine are sincere. I know what it
means to be poor. I know what it means to see people who are unemployed. I know
Senator Kennedy feels as deeply about these problems as I do, but our
disagreement is not about the goals for America but only about the means to
reach those goals.


date = 2012-10-16
user = ROMNEY
Well, Candy, actually, in my state, the pro-gun folks and the anti-gun folks
came together and put together a piece of legislation . And it ' s
referred to as an assault weapon ban, but it had, at the signing of the bill,
both the pro-gun and the anti-gun people came together, because it provided
opportunities for both that both wanted. There were hunting opportunities, for
instance, that haven ' t previously been available and so forth, so it was a
mutually agreed- upon piece of legislation . That ' s what we need more
of, Candy. What we have right now in Washington is a place that ' s gridlocked.


date = 2004-10-05
user = EDWARDS
No. I think we ' ve both said the same thing all along. We both believe that
— and this goes onto the end of what I just talked about — we both believe
that marriage is between a man and a woman. But we also believe that gay and
lesbians and gay and lesbian couples, those who have been in long-term
relationships, deserve to be treated respectfully, they deserve to have
benefits. For example, a gay couple now has a very difficult time, one,
visiting the other when they ' re in the hospital, or, for example, if, heaven
forbid, one of them were to pass away, they have trouble even arranging the
funeral. I mean, those are not the kind of things that John Kerry and I believe
in. I suspect the vice president himself does not believe in that. But we don '
t — we do believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman. And I
want to go back, if I can, to the question you just asked, which is this
constitutional amendment . I want to make sure people understand that
the president is proposing a constitutional amendment to ban gay
marriage that is completely unnecessary. Under the law of this country for the
last 200 years, no state has been required to recognize another state ' s
marriage. Let me just be simple about this. My state of North Carolina would
not be required to recognize a marriage from Massachusetts, which you just
asked about. There is absolutely no purpose in the law and in reality for this
amendment . It ' s nothing but a political tool. And it ' s being used in
an effort to divide this country on an issue that we should not be dividing
America on. We ought to be talking about issues like health care and jobs and
what ' s happening in Iraq, not using an issue to divide this country in a way
that ' s solely for political purposes. It ' s wrong.


date = 1996-10-16
user = DOLE
Well, let me thank everybody here at the University and, Jim, thank you. All
the people who may still be watching or viewing. This is what it ' s all about.
It ' s not about me. It ' s not about President Clinton. It ' s about the
process. It ' s about selecting a president of the United States. So we have
our differences. We should have our differences. Mentioned other parties. They
have their differences. We all agreed it would be a pretty dull place. We
should have more debates. Maybe we will have another debate on the economy. But
I would just say this. This is the highest honor that I have ever had in my
life, to think that somebody from Russell, Kansas, somebody who grew up living
in a basement apartment, someone whose parents didn ' t finish high school,
somebody who spent about 39 months in hospitals after World War II, someone who
uses a buttonhook every day to get dressed. Somebody who understands that there
' re real Americans out there with real problems, whether soccer moms, or the
single parents, the families or the seniors, or people with disabilities,
whoever it may be. There are some very fundamental differences in this
campaign. President Clinton opposes term limits, President Clinton opposes a
constitutional amendment to balance the budget. President Clinton
opposes voluntary prayer amendment . Opposes an amendment to protect
the flag of the United States of America. People give their lives. Couple of
service men here. They sacrifice, they give everything for America. We ought to
protect the American flag with a constitutional amendment . But beyond
that we need to address the economy. I will just say my time is running out
here. It ' s a very proud moment for me. What I want the voters to do is to
make a decision. And I want them to be proud of their vote in the years ahead.
Proud that they voted for the right candidate. Proud that they voted hopefully
for me. And I ' ll just make you one promise, my word is good. Democrats and
Republicans said Bob Dole ' s word is good. I keep my word. I promise you the
economy is going to get better. We ' re going to have a good economic package.
We ' re going into the next century a better America. Thank you.


date = 1992-10-13
user = GORE
Bill Clinton and I support the right of a woman to choose. That doesn ' t mean
we ' re pro-abortion; in fact, we believe there are way too many abortions
in this country. And the way to reduce them is by reducing the number of
unwanted pregnancies, not vetoing family planning legislation the way
George Bush has consistently done. The reason we are pro-choice and in favor of
a woman ' s right to privacy is because we believe that during the early stages
of a pregnancy the government has no business coming in and ordering a woman to
do what the government thinks is best. What Dan Quayle and George Bush and
Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson think is the right decision in a given set of
circumstances is their privilege — but don ' t have the government order a
woman to do what they think is the right thing to do. We ought to be able to
build more common ground among those who describe themselves as pro-choice and
pro-life in efforts to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies. But, Dan, you
can clear this up very simply by repeating after me - I support the right of a
woman to choose. Can you say that?
