

date = 2008-09-26
user = MCCAIN
My reading of the threat from Iran is that if Iran acquires nuclear
weapons , it is an existential threat to the State of Israel and it is
a threat to other countries in the region because the other countries in
the region will feel compelling requirement to acquire nuclear weapons
as well. Now we cannot allow a second Holocaust. Let ' s just make that very
clear. What I have proposed for a long time, and I ' ve had conversation with
foreign leaders about forming a league of democracies , let ' s be
clear and let ' s have some straight talk. The Russians are preventing
significant action in the United Nations Security Council. I have proposed
a league of democracies , a group of people – a group of countries that
share common interests, common values, common ideals, they also control a lot
of the world ' s economic power. We could impose significant meaningful,
painful sanctions on the Iranians that I think could have a beneficial
effect. The Iranians have a lousy government, so therefore their economy is
lousy, even though they have significant oil revenues. So I am convinced
that together, we can, with the French, with the British, with the Germans and
other countries, democracies around the world, we can affect Iranian
behavior. But have no doubt, but have no doubt that the Iranians continue
on the path to the acquisition of a nuclear weapon as we speak tonight.
And it is a threat not only in this region but around the world. What I ' d
also like to point out the Iranians are putting the most lethal IEDs into
Iraq which are killing young Americans, there are special groups in Iran coming
into Iraq and are being trained in Iran. There is the Republican Guard in
Iran, which Senator Kyl had an amendment in order to declare them a sponsor of
terror. Senator Obama said that would be provocative. So this is a serious
threat . This is a serious threat to security in the world, and I
believe we can act and we can act with our friends and allies and
reduce that threat as quickly as possible, but have no doubt about the
ultimate result of them acquiring nuclear weapons .


date = 2012-10-11
user = RYAN
We cannot allow Iran to gain a nuclear weapons capability. Now, let ' s
take a look at where we ' ve gone — come from. When Barack Obama was elected,
they had enough fissile material — nuclear material to make one
bomb. Now they have enough for five. They ' re racing toward a nuclear
weapon . They ' re four years closer toward a nuclear weapons
capability. We ' ve had four different sanctions , the U. N. on Iran, three
from the Bush administration, one here. And the only reason we got it is
because Russia watered it down and prevented the — the sanctions from
hitting the central bank. Mitt Romney proposed these sanctions in 2007 . In
Congress, I ' ve been fighting for these sanctions since 2009 . The
administration was blocking us every step of the way. Only because we had
strong bipartisan support for these tough sanctions were we able to
overrule their objections and put them in spite of the administration. Imagine
what would have happened if we had these sanctions in place earlier. You
think Iran ' s not brazen? Look at what they ' re doing. They ' re stepping up
their terrorist attacks. They tried a terrorist attack in the United
States last year when they tried to blow up the Saudi ambassador at a
restaurant in Washington, D. C. And talk about credibility ? When this
administration says that all options are on the table, they send out senior
administration officials that send all these mixed signals. And so, in order to
solve this peacefully — which is everybody ' s goal — you have to have the
ayatollahs change their minds. Look at where they are. They ' re moving faster
toward a nuclear weapon . It ' s because this administration has no
credibility on this issue. It ' s because this administration watered down
sanctions , delayed sanctions , tried to stop us for putting the tough
sanctions in place. Now we have them in place because of Congress. They say
the military option ' s on the table, but it ' s not being viewed as
credible. And the key is to do this peacefully, is to make sure that we have
credibility . Under a Romney administration, we will have credibility
on this issue.


date = 2004-10-08
user = BUSH
Each situation is different, Robin. And obviously we hope that diplomacy
works before you ever use force . The hardest decision a president makes is
ever to use force . After 9 / 11 , we had to look at the world differently.
After 9 / 11 , we had to recognize that when we saw a threat , we must take
it seriously before it comes to hurt us. In the old days we ' d see a
threat , and we could deal with it if we felt like it or not. But 9 / 11
changed it all. I vowed to our countrymen that I would do everything I could to
protect the American people. That ' s why we ' re bringing Al Qaida to justice.
Seventy five percent of them have been brought to justice. That ' s why I said
to Afghanistan: If you harbor a terrorist , you ' re just as guilty as the
terrorist . And the Taliban is no longer in power, and Al Qaida no longer
has a place to plan. And I saw a unique threat in Saddam Hussein, as did my
opponent, because we thought he had weapons of mass destruction .
And the unique threat was that he could give weapons of mass
destruction to an organization like Al Qaida, and the harm they inflicted
on us with airplanes would be multiplied greatly by weapons of mass
destruction . And that was the serious, serious threat . So I tried
diplomacy, went to the United Nations . But as we learned in the same
report I quoted, Saddam Hussein was gaming the oil-for-food program to get rid
of sanctions . He was trying to get rid of sanctions for a reason: He
wanted to restart his weapons programs. We all thought there was
weapons there, Robin. My opponent thought there was weapons there. That
' s why he called him a grave threat . I wasn ' t happy when we found out
there wasn ' t weapons , and we ' ve got an intelligence group together to
figure out why. But Saddam Hussein was a unique threat . And the world is
better off without him in power. And my opponent ' s plans lead me to conclude
that Saddam Hussein would still be in power, and the world would be more
dangerous. Thank you, sir.


date = 2004-09-30
user = KERRY
Nuclear proliferation . Nuclear proliferation . There ' s some
600-plus tons of unsecured material still in the former Soviet Union and
Russia. At the rate that the president is currently securing it, it ' ll take
13 years to get it. I did a lot of work on this. I wrote a book about it
several years ago — six, seven years ago — called " The New War, " which
saw the difficulties of this international criminal network. And back then, we
intercepted a suitcase in a Middle Eastern country with nuclear
materials in it. And the black market sale price was about $250 million.
Now, there are terrorists trying to get their hands on that stuff today.
And this president, I regret to say, has secured less nuclear material
in the last two years since 9 / 11 than we did in the two years preceding 9 /
11 . We have to do this job. And to do the job, you can ' t cut the money for
it. The president actually cut the money for it. You have to put the money into
it and the funding and the leadership. And part of that leadership is sending
the right message to places like North Korea. Right now the president is
spending hundreds of millions of dollars to research bunker-busting
nuclear weapons . The United States is pursuing a new set of
nuclear weapons . It doesn ' t make sense. You talk about mixed
messages. We ' re telling other people, " You can ' t have nuclear
weapons , " but we ' re pursuing a new nuclear weapon that we might
even contemplate using. Not this president. I ' m going to shut that program
down, and we ' re going to make it clear to the world we ' re serious about
containing nuclear proliferation . And we ' re going to get the job of
containing all of that nuclear material in Russia done in four years.
And we ' re going to build the strongest international network to prevent
nuclear proliferation . This is the scale of what President Kennedy set
out to do with the nuclear test ban treaty. It ' s our generation ' s
equivalent. And I intend to get it done.


date = 2008-10-07
user = MCCAIN
Well, thank you, Terry ( ph ) . And thank you for your service to the country.
I want to say, everything I ever learned about leadership I learned from a
chief petty officer. And I thank you, and I thank you, my friend. Thanks
for serving. Let — let — let me say that we obviously would not wait for
the United Nations Security Council. I think the realities are that both
Russia and China would probably pose significant obstacles. And our challenge
right now is the Iranians continue on the path to acquiring nuclear
weapons , and it ' s a great threat . It ' s not just a threat —
threat to the state of Israel. It ' s a threat to the stability of the
entire Middle East. If Iran acquires nuclear weapons , all the other
countries will acquire them, too. The tensions will be ratcheted up. What would
you do if you were the Israelis and the president of a country says that they
are — they are determined to wipe you off the map, calls your country a
stinking corpse? Now, Senator Obama without precondition wants to sit down and
negotiate with them, without preconditions. That ' s what he stated, again,
a matter of record. I want to make sure that the Iranians are put enough
— that we put enough pressure on the Iranians by joining with our
allies , imposing significant, tough sanctions to modify their
behavior. And I think we can do that. I think, joining with our allies and
friends in a league of democracies , that we can effectively abridge their
behavior, and hopefully they would abandon this quest that they are on for
nuclear weapons . But, at the end of the day, my friend, I have to tell
you again, and you know what it ' s like to serve, and you know what it ' s
like to sacrifice, but we can never allow a second Holocaust to take place.


date = 1980-10-28
user = MR._CARTER
Barbara, one of the blights on this world is the threat and the activities
of terrorists . At one of the recent economic summit conferences
between myself and the other leaders of the western world, we committed
ourselves to take strong action against terrorism. Airplane hijacking was one
of the elements of that commitment. There is no doubt that we have seen in
recent years – in recent months – additional acts of violence against
Jews in France and, of course, against those who live in Israel, by the PLO and
other terrorist organizations. Ultimately, the most serious terrorist
threat is if one of those radical nations, who believe in terrorism as a
policy, should have atomic weapons . Both I and all my predecessors have
had a deep commitment to controlling the proliferation of nuclear
weapons . In countries like Libya or Iraq, we have even alienated some of
our closest trade partners because we have insisted upon the control of the
spread of nuclear weapons to those potentially terrorist countries.
When Governor Reagan has been asked about that, he makes the very disturbing
comment that non-proliferation, or the control of the spread of nuclear
weapons , is none of our business. And recently when he was asked
specifically about Iraq, he said there is nothing we can do about it. This
ultimate terrorist threat is the most fearsome of all, and it ' s part
of a pattern where our country must stand firm to control terrorism of all


date = 2012-10-22
user = ROMNEY
Well, first of all, I want to underscore the same point the president mad, e
which is that if I ' m President of the United States, when I ' m President of
the United States, we will stand with Israel. And if Israel is attacked, we
have their back, not just diplomatically, not just culturally, but militarily.
That ' s number one. Number two, with regards to Iran and the threat of
Iran, there ' s no question but that a nuclear Iran, a nuclear-capable Iran
is unacceptable to America. It presents a threat not only to our friends
but ultimately a threat to us to have Iran have nuclear material ,
nuclear weapons that could be used against us or used to be threatening
to us. It is also essential for us to understand what our mission is in Iran,
and that is to dissuade Iran from having a nuclear weapon through
peaceful and diplomatic means. And crippling sanctions are something I
called for five years ago, when I was in Israel, speaking at the Herzliya
Conference. I laid out seven steps, crippling sanctions were number one.
And they do work. You ' re seeing it right now in the economy. It ' s
absolutely the right thing to do, to have crippling sanctions . I would
have put them in place earlier. But it ' s good that we have them. Number two,
something I would add today is I would tighten those sanctions . I would
say that ships that carry Iranian oil , can ' t come into our ports. I
imagine the E. U. would agree with us as well. Not only ships couldn ' t, but I
' d say companies that are moving their oil can ' t, people who are
trading in their oil can ' t. I would tighten those sanctions
further. Secondly, I ' d take on diplomatic isolation efforts. I ' d make sure
that Ahmadinejad is indicted under the Genocide Convention. His words amount to
genocide incitation. I would indict him for it. I would also make sure that
their diplomats are treated like the pariah they are around the world. The same
way we treated the apartheid diplomats of South Africa. We need to increase
pressure time, and time again on Iran because anything other than a — a — a
solution to this, which says — which stops this — this nuclear folly of
theirs, is unacceptable to America. And of course, a military action is the
last resort. It is something one would only – only consider if all of the
other avenues had been — had been tried to their full extent.


date = 2004-09-30
user = BUSH
Actually, we ' ve increased funding for dealing with nuclear
proliferation about 35 percent since I ' ve been the president. Secondly,
we ' ve set up what ' s called the — well, first of all, I agree with my
opponent that the biggest threat facing this country is weapons of
mass destruction in the hands of a terrorist network. And that ' s
why proliferation is one of the centerpieces of a multi-prong strategy
to make the country safer. My administration started what ' s called the
Proliferation Security Initiative. Over 60 nations involved with disrupting
the trans-shipment of information and / or weapons of mass
destruction materials . And we ' ve been effective. We busted the A. Q.
Khan network. This was a proliferator out of Pakistan that was selling secrets
to places like North Korea and Libya. We convinced Libya to disarm. It ' s a
central part of dealing with weapons of mass destruction and
proliferation . I ' ll tell you another way to help protect America in the
long run is to continue with missile defenses. And we ' ve got a robust
research and development program that has been ongoing during my
administration. We ' ll be implementing a missile-defense system relatively
quickly. And that is another way to help deal with the threats that we face
in the 21st century. My opponent opposed the missile defenses.


date = 1996-10-06
user = CLINTON
If he, that ' s what he said, he ' s not right about that. Look at where we are
today. The United States is still the indispensable nation in the aftermath of
the Cold War and on the brink of the 21st Century. I have worked to support
our country as the world ' s strongest force for peace and freedom,
prosperity and security. We have done the following things - Number one, we '
ve managed the aftermath of the Cold War , supporting a big drop in
nuclear weapons in Russia. The removal of Russian troops from the
Baltics. The integration of Central and Eastern European democracies into a
new partnership with NATO. And, I might add, with the democratic Russia. There
are no nuclear missiles pointed at the children of the United States
tonight and have not been in our administration for the first time since the
dawn of the nuclear age. We have worked hard for peace and freedom.
When I took office, Haiti was governed by a dictator that had defied the United
States. When I took office, the worst war in Europe was waging in Bosnia.
Now there is a the democratically elected president in Haiti. Peace in
Bosnia. We just had the election there. We ' ve made progress in Northern
Ireland, in the Middle East. We ' ve also stood up to the new threats of
terrorism. The proliferation of weapons of mass destruction ,
organized crime, and we have worked hard to expand America ' s economic
presence around the world with the biggest increase in trade with the
largest new number of trade agreements in history And that ' s one of
the reasons America is number one in auto production again.


date = 2004-09-30
user = KERRY
Thank you, Jim. My message to the troops is also - Thank you for what they
' re doing, but it ' s also help is on the way. I believe those troops
deserve better than what they are getting today. You know, it ' s interesting.
When I was in a rope line just the other day, coming out here from Wisconsin, a
couple of young returnees were in the line, one active duty, one from the
Guard. And they both looked at me and said: We need you. You ' ve got to help
us over there. Now I believe there ' s a better way to do this. You know, the
president ' s father did not go into Iraq, into Baghdad, beyond Basra. And
the reason he didn ' t is, he said — he wrote in his book — because there
was no viable exit strategy . And he said our troops would be occupiers
in a bitterly hostile land. That ' s exactly where we find ourselves today.
There ' s a sense of American occupation. The only building that was guarded
when the troops when into Baghdad was the oil ministry. We didn ' t
guard the nuclear facilities. We didn ' t guard the foreign office, where
you might have found information about weapons of mass destruction
. We didn ' t guard the borders. Almost every step of the way, our troops
have been left on these extraordinarily difficult missions. I know what it ' s
like to go out on one of those missions when you don ' t know what ' s around
the corner. And I believe our troops need other allies helping. I ' m
going to hold that summit . I will bring fresh credibility , a new
start, and we will get the job done right.


date = 2004-10-05
user = CHENEY
No, I do not. And, Gwen, at the time, I was talking specifically about this
question of unilateral sanctions . What happens when we impose unilateral
sanctions is, unless there ' s a collective effort, then other people move
in and take advantage of the situation and you don ' t have any impact,
except to penalize American companies. We ' ve got sanctions on Iran now.
We may well want to go to the U. N. Security Council and ask for even tougher
sanctions if they don ' t live up to their obligations under the initial
— International Atomic Energy Agency Non-Proliferation Treaty. We dealt with
Iran differently than we have Iraq partly because Iran has not yet, as Iraq
did, violated 12 years of resolutions by the U. N. Security Council. We ' re
working with the Brits and the Germans and the French, who ' ve been
negotiating with the Iranians . We recently were actively involved in a
meeting with the board of governors in the International Atomic Energy Agency.
And as I say, there will be a follow-up meeting in November to determine
whether or not Iran ' s living up to their commitments and obligations. And if
they aren ' t, my guess is then the board of governors will recommend sending
the whole matter to the U. N. Security Council for the application of the
international sanctions , which I think would be exactly the right way to
go. We ' re addressing North Korea on a similar basis, working with the
Chinese, the South Koreans, the Japanese and others to try to bring them
around. One of the great by-products, for example, of what we did in Iraq and
Afghanistan is that five days after we captured Saddam Hussein, Moammar Gadhafi
in Libya came forward and announced that he was going to surrender all of his
nuclear materials to the United States, which he has done. This was one
of the biggest sources of proliferation in the world today in terms of the
threat that was represented by that. The suppliers network that provided
that, headed by Mr. A. Q. Khan, has been shut down. We ' ve made major progress
in dealing here with a major issue with respect to nuclear
proliferation . And we ' ll continue to press very hard on the North
Koreans and the Iranians as well.


date = 2004-10-08
user = KERRY
I don ' t think you can just rely on U. N. sanctions , Randee. But you ' re
absolutely correct, it is a threat , it ' s a huge threat . And what '
s interesting is, it ' s a threat that has grown while the president has
been preoccupied with Iraq, where there wasn ' t a threat . If he ' d let
the inspectors do their job and go on, we wouldn ' t have 10 times the numbers
of forces in Iraq that we have in Afghanistan chasing Osama bin Laden.
Meanwhile, while Iran is moving toward nuclear weapons , some 37 tons
of what they called yellow cake, the stuff they use to make enriched uranium,
while they ' re doing that, North Korea has moved from one bomb maybe, maybe,
to four to seven bombs. For two years, the president didn ' t even engage with
North Korea, did nothing at all, while it was growing more dangerous, despite
the warnings of former Secretary of Defense William Perry, who negotiated
getting television cameras and inspectors into that reactor. We were safer
before President Bush came to office. Now they have the bombs and we ' re less
safe. So what do we do? We ' ve got to join with the British and the French,
with the Germans, who ' ve been involved, in their initiative. We ' ve got to
lead the world now to crack down on proliferation as a whole. But the
president ' s been slow to do that, even in Russia. At his pace, it ' s going
to take 13 years to reduce and get ahold of all the loose nuclear
material in the former Soviet Union. I ' ve proposed a plan that can
capture it and contain it and clean it within four years. And the president is
moving to the creation of our own bunker- busting nuclear weapon . It '
s very hard to get other countries to give up their weapons when you ' re
busy developing a new one. I ' m going to lead the world in the greatest
counterproliferation effort. And if we have to get tough with Iran, believe me,
we will get tough.


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._NIXON
Mr. Howe, Senator Kennedy, my fellow Americans. Since this campaign began I
have had a very rare privilege. I have traveled to forty-eight of the fifty
states and in my travels I have learned what the people of the United States
are thinking about. There is one issue that stands out above all the rest, one
in which every American is concerned, regardless of what group he may be a
member and regardless of where he may live. And that issue, very simply stated,
is this: how can we keep the peace – keep it without surrender? How can
we extend freedom – extend it without war ? Now in determining how we
deal with this issue, we must find the answer to a very important but simple
question: who threatens the peace ? Who threatens freedom in the world?
There is only one threat to peace and one threat to freedom –
that that is presented by the international Communist movement. And therefore
if we are to have peace , we must know how to deal with the Communists and
their leaders . I know Mr. Khrushchev. I also have had the opportunity of
knowing and meeting other Communist leaders in the world. I believe there
are certain principles we must find in dealing with him and his colleagues –
principles, if followed, that will keep the peace and that also can extend
freedom. First, we have to learn from the past, because we cannot afford to
make the mistakes of the past. In the seven years before this Administration
came into power in Washington, we found that six hundred million people went
behind the Iron Curtain. And at the end of that seven years we were engaged in
a war in Korea which cost of thirty thousand American lives. In the past
seven years, in President Eisenhower ' s Administration, this situation has
been reversed. We ended the Korean War ; by strong, firm leadership we have
kept out of other wars ; and we have avoided surrender of principle or
territory at the conference table. Now why were we successful, as our
predecessors were not successful? I think there ' re several reasons. In the
first place, they made a fatal error in misjudging the Communists; in trying to
apply to them the same rules of conduct that you would apply to the leaders
of the free world. One of the major errors they made was the one that led to
the Korean War . In ruling out the defense of Korea, they invited
aggression in that area. They thought they were going to have peace – it
brought war . We learned from their mistakes. And so, in our seven years,
we find that we have been firm in our diplomacy; we have never made concessions
without getting concessions in return. We have always been willing to go the
extra mile to negotiate for disarmament or in any other area. But we have
never been willing to do anything that, in effect, surrendered freedom any
place in the world. That is why President Eisenhower was correct in not
apologizing or expressing regrets to Mr. Khrushchev at the Paris Conference, as
Senator Kennedy suggested he could have done. That is why Senator wh- President
Eisenhower was also correct in his policy in the Formosa Straits, where he
declined, and refused to follow the recommendations – recommendations which
Senator Kennedy voted for in 1955 ; again made in 1959 ; again repeated in his
debates that you have heard – recommendations with regard to – again –
slicing off a piece of free territory, and abandoning it, if – in effect, to
the Communists. Why did the President feel this was wrong and why was the
President right and his critics wrong? Because again this showed a lack of
understanding of dictators, a lack of understanding particularly of Communists,
because every time you make such a concession it does not lead to peace ;
it only encourages them to blackmail you. It encourages them to begin a war
. And so I say that the record shows that we know how to keep the peace ,
to keep it without surrender. Let us move now to the future. It is not enough
to stand on this record because we are dealing with the most ruthless,
fanatical … leaders that the world has ever seen. That is why I say that
in this period of the sixties, America must move forward in every area. First
of all, although we are today, as Senator Kennedy has admitted, the strongest
nation in the world militarily, we must increase our strength, increase it so
that we will always have enough strength that regardless of what our potential
opponents have – if the should launch a surprise attack – we will be able
to destroy their war-making capability. They must know, in other words, that it
is national suicide if they begin anything. We need this kind of strength
because we ' re the guardians of the peace . In addition to military
strength, we need to see that the economy of this country continues to grow. It
has grown in the past seven years. It can and will grow even more in the next
four. And the reason that it must grow even more is because we have things to
do at home and also because we ' re in a race for survival – a race in which
it isn ' t enough to be ahead; it isn ' t enough simply to be complacent. We
have to move ahead in order to stay ahead. And that is why, in this field, I
have made recommendations which I am confident will move the American economy
ahead – move it firmly and soundly so that there will never be a time when
the Soviet Union will be able to challenge our superiority in this field. And
so we need military strength, we need economic strength, we also need the
right diplomatic policies. What are they? Again we turn to the past. Firmness
but no belligerence, and by no belligerence I mean that we do not answer insult
by insult. When you are proud and confident of your strength, you do not get
down to the level of Mr. Khrushchev and his colleagues. And that example that
President Eisenhower has set we will continue to follow. But all this by itself
is not enough. It is not enough for us simply to be the strongest nation
militarily, the strongest economically, and also to have firm diplomacy. We
must have a great goal. And that is: not just to keep freedom for ourselves but
to extend it to all the world, to extend it to all the world because that is
America ' s destiny. To extend it to all the world because the Communist aim is
not to hold their own but to extend Communism. And you cannot fight a victory
for Communism or a strategy of victory for Communism with the strategy
, simply of holding the line. And so I say that we believe that our policies of
military strength, of economic strength, of diplomatic firmness first will
keep the peace and keep it without surrender. We also believe that in the
great field of ideals that we can lead America to the victory for freedom –
victory in the newly developing countries, victory also in the captive
countries – provided we have faith in ourselves and faith in our principles.


date = 2008-10-07
user = OBAMA
Well, Terry, first of all, we honor your service, and we ' re grateful for
it. We cannot allow Iran to get a nuclear weapon . It would be a
game-changer in the region. Not only would it threaten Israel, our strongest
ally in the region and one of our strongest allies in the world, but it
would also create a possibility of nuclear weapons falling into the
hands of terrorists . And so it ' s unacceptable. And I will do everything
that ' s required to prevent it. And we will never take military options
off the table. And it is important that we don ' t provide veto power to the
United Nations or anyone else in acting in our interests. It is
important, though, for us to use all the tools at our disposal to prevent the
scenario where we ' ve got to make those kinds of choices. And that ' s why I
have consistently said that, if we can work more effectively with other
countries diplomatically to tighten sanctions on Iran, if we can reduce our
energy consumption through alternative energy, so that Iran has less money, if
we can impose the kinds of sanctions that, say, for example, Iran right now
imports gasoline, even though it ' s an oil-producer, because its oil
infrastructure has broken down, if we can prevent them from importing the
gasoline that they need and the refined petroleum products, that starts
changing their cost-benefit analysis. That starts putting the squeeze on them.
Now, it is true, though, that I believe that we should have direct talks —
not just with our friends, but also with our enemies — to deliver a tough,
direct message to Iran that, if you don ' t change your behavior, then there
will be dire consequences . If you do change your behavior, then it is
possible for you to re-join the community of nations. Now, it may not work. But
one of the things we ' ve learned is, is that when we take that approach,
whether it ' s in North Korea or in Iran, then we have a better chance at
better outcomes. When President Bush decided we ' re not going to talk to Iran,
we ' re not going to talk to North Korea, you know what happened? Iran went
from zero centrifuges to develop nuclear weapons to 4 , 000 . North
Korea quadrupled its nuclear capability. We ' ve got to try to have talks,
understanding that we ' re not taking military options off the table.


date = 2012-10-22
user = ROMNEY
No, it ' s not time to divorce a nation on Earth that has 100 nuclear
weapons and is on the way to double that at some point, a nation that has
serious threats from terrorist groups within its nation, as I indicated
before, the Taliban, Haqqani Network. It ' s a nation that ' s not like —
like others and it does not have a civilian leadership that is calling the
shots there. You have the ISI, their intelligence organization, is probably the
most powerful of the — of three branches there. Then you have the
military and then you have the civilian government. This is a nation,
which, if it falls apart, if it — if it becomes a failed state, there are
nuclear weapons there and you ' ve got — you ' ve got terrorists
there who could grab their — their hands onto those nuclear weapons .
This is — this is an important part of the world for us. Pakistan is — is
technically an ally , and they ' re not acting very much like an
ally right now. But we have some work to do. And I — I don ' t blame the
administration for the fact that the relationship with Pakistan is strained. We
— we had to go into Pakistan. We had to go in there to get Osama bin
Laden. That was the right thing to do. And — and that upset them, but
obviously there was a great deal of anger even before that. But we ' re going
to have to work with the — with the people in Pakistan to try and help them
move to a more responsible course than the one that they ' re on. And it ' s
important for them. It ' s important for the nuclear weapons . It ' s
important for the success of Afghanistan. Because inside Pakistan, you have a
— a large group of Pashtun that are — that are Taliban. They ' re going to
come rushing back in to Afghanistan when we go. And that ' s one of the reasons
the Afghan Security Forces have so much work to do to be able to fight
against that. But it ' s important for us to recognize that we can ' t just
walk away from Pakistan. But we do need to make sure that as we — as we send
support for them, that this is tied to them making progress on — on matters
that would lead them to becoming a civil society.


date = 2016-10-04
user = KAINE
The terrorist threat has decreased in some ways, because bin Laden
is dead. The terrorist threat has decreased in some ways because an
Iranian nuclear weapons program has been stopped. The terrorist
threat to United States troops has been decreased in some ways because
there ' s not 175 , 000 in a dangerous part of the world. There ' s only 15 ,
000 . But there are other parts of the world that are challenging. Let me tell
you this - To beat terrorism, there ' s only one candidate who can do it, and
it ' s Hillary Clinton. Remember, Hillary Clinton was the senator from New York
on 9 / 11 . She was there at the World Trade Center when they were still
searching for victims and survivors. That ' s seared onto her, the need to beat
terrorism. And she ' s got a plan to do it. She was part of the national
security team that wiped out bin Laden. Here ' s her plan to defeat ISIL.
First, we ' ve got to keep taking out their leaders on the battlefield. She
was part of the team that got bin Laden, and she ' ll lead the team that
will get Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the head of ISIS. Second, we ' ve got to disrupt
financing networks, third, disrupt their ability to recruit on the Internet, in
their safe havens. But, fourth, we also have to work with allies to share
and surge intelligence. That ' s the Hillary Clinton plan; she ' s got the
experience to do it. Donald Trump. Donald Trump can ' t start a Twitter war
with Miss Universe without shooting himself in the foot. Donald Trump doesn ' t
have a plan. He said, " I have a secret plan, " and then he said, " Um, I know
more than all the generals about ISIL. " And then he said, " I ' m going to
call the generals to help me figure out a plan. " And finally he said, " I ' m
going to fire all the generals. " He doesn ' t have a plan. But he does have
dangerous ideas. Here ' s four. He trash talks the military . The
military is a disaster, John McCain ' s no hero, the generals need all to
be fired, and I know more than them. He wants to tear up alliances. NATO is
obsolete, and we ' ll only work together with Israel if they pay " big league.
" Third, he loves dictators. He ' s got kind of a personal Mount Rushmore,
Vladimir Putin, Kim Jong-un, Moammar Gadhafi …


date = 1984-10-21
user = THE_PRESIDENT
No, Morton, I don ' t agree to all of those things. First of all, when we and
our allies — the Italians, the French, and the United Kingdom — went
into Lebanon, we went in there at the request of what was left of the Lebanese
Government to be a stabilizing force while they tried to establish a
government. But the first — pardon me — the first time we went in, we went
in at their request because the war was going on right in Beirut between
Israel and the PLO terrorists . Israel could not be blamed for that. Those
terrorists had been violating their northern border consistently, and
Israel chased them all the way to there. Then we went in with the multinational
force to help remove, and did remove, more than 13 , 000 of those
terrorists from Lebanon. We departed. And then the Government of Lebanon
asked us back in as a stabilizing force while they established a government
and sought to get the foreign forces all the way out of Lebanon and that
they could then take care of their own borders. And we were succeeding. We were
there for the better part of a year. Our position happened to be at the
airport. Oh, there were occasional snipings and sometimes some artillery fire,
but we did not engage in conflict that was out of line with our mission. I will
never send troops anywhere on a mission of that kind without telling them
that if somebody shoots at them, they can darn well shoot back. And this is
what we did. We never initiated any kind of action; we defended ourselves
there. But we were succeeding to the point that the Lebanese Government had
been organized — if you will remember, there were the meetings in Geneva in
which they began to meet with the hostile factional forces and try to put
together some kind of a peace plan. We were succeeding, and that was why
the terrorist acts began. There are forces there — and that
includes Syria, in my mind — who don ' t want us to succeed, who don ' t want
that kind of a peace with a dominant Lebanon, dominant over its own
territory. And so, the terrorist acts began and led to the one great
tragedy when they were killed in that suicide bombing of the building. Then the
multilateral force withdrew for only one reason: We withdrew because we
were no longer able to carry out the mission for which we had been sent in. But
we went in in the interest of peace and to keep Israel and Syria from
getting into the sixth war between them. And I have no apologies for our
going on a peace mission.


date = 2000-10-17
user = BUSH
I ' ve been a leader . I ' ve been a person who has to set a clear vision
and convince people to follow. I ' ve got a strategy for the Middle East.
And first let me say that our nation now needs to speak with one voice during
this time, and I applaud the president for working hard to diffuse tensions.
Our nation needs to be credible and strong. When we say we ' re somebody ' s
friend, everybody has got to believe it. Israel is our friend and we ' ll stand
by Israel. We need to reach out to moderate Arab nations as well to build
coalitions to keep the peace . I also need — the next leader needs to
be patient. We can ' t put the Middle East peace process on our
timetable. It ' s got to be on the timetable of the people that we ' re trying
to bring to the peace table. We can ' t dictate the terms of peace ,
which means that you have to be steady. You can ' t worry about polls or focus
groups. You ' ve got to have a clear vision. That ' s what a leader does. A
leader also understands that the United States must be strong to keep the
peace . Saddam Hussein still is a threat in the Middle East. Our
coalition against Saddam is unraveling. Sanctions are loosened. The man who
may be developing weapons of mass destruction , we don ' t know
because inspectors aren ' t in. So to answer your question, it requires a clear
vision, a willingness to stand by our friends, and the credibility for
people both friend and foe to understand when America says something, we mean


date = 2008-09-26
user = OBAMA
Well, first of all, I think that we are safer in some ways. Obviously, we ' ve
poured billions of dollars into airport security. We have done some work in
terms of securing potential targets, but we still have a long way to go. We '
ve got to make sure that we ' re hardening our chemical sites. We haven ' t
done enough in terms of transit; we haven ' t done enough in terms of ports.
And the biggest threat that we face right now is not a nuclear
missile coming over the skies. It ' s in a suitcase. This is why the issue
of nuclear proliferation is so important. It is the — the biggest
threat to the United States is a terrorist getting their hands on
nuclear weapons . And we — we are spending billions of dollars on
missile defense. And I actually believe that we need missile defense,
because of Iran and North Korea and the potential for them to obtain or to
launch nuclear weapons , but I also believe that, when we are only
spending a few hundred million dollars on nuclear proliferation , then
we ' re making a mistake. The other thing that we have to focus on, though, is
Al Qaida. They are now operating in 60 countries. We can ' t simply be focused
on Iraq. We have to go to the root cause, and that is in Afghanistan and
Pakistan. That ' s going to be critical. We are going to need more cooperation
with our allies . And one last point I want to make. It is important for us
to understand that the way we are perceived in the world is going to make a
difference, in terms of our capacity to get cooperation and root out terrorism.
And one of the things that I intend to do as president is to restore America '
s standing in the world. We are less respected now than we were eight years ago
or even four years ago. And this is the greatest country on Earth. But because
of some of the mistakes that have been made — and I give Senator McCain great
credit on the torture issue, for having identified that as something that
undermines our long-term security — because of those things, we, I think, are
going to have a lot of work to do in the next administration to restore that
sense that America is that shining beacon on a hill.


date = 2008-09-26
user = OBAMA
Well, let me just correct something very quickly. I believe the Republican
Guard of Iran is a terrorist organization. I ' ve consistently said so.
What Senator McCain refers to is a measure in the Senate that would try to
broaden the mandate inside of Iraq. To deal with Iran. And ironically, the
single thing that has strengthened Iran over the last several years has been
the war in Iraq. Iraq was Iran ' s mortal enemy. That was cleared away. And
what we ' ve seen over the last several years is Iran ' s influence grow. They
have funded Hezbollah, they have funded Hamas, they have gone from zero
centrifuges to 4 , 000 centrifuges to develop a nuclear weapon . So
obviously, our policy over the last eight years has not worked. Senator McCain
is absolutely right, we cannot tolerate a nuclear Iran. It would be a game
changer. Not only would it threaten Israel, a country that is our stalwart
ally , but it would also create an environment in which you could set off
an arms race in this Middle East. Now here ' s what we need to do. We do need
tougher sanctions . I do not agree with Senator McCain that we ' re going
to be able to execute the kind of sanctions we need without some
cooperation with countries like Russia and China that are, I think Senator
McCain would agree, not democracies , but have extensive trade with
Iran but potentially have an interest in making sure Iran doesn ' t have a
nuclear weapon . But we are also going to have to, I believe, engage in
tough direct diplomacy with Iran and this is a major difference I have with
Senator McCain, this notion that by not talking to people we are punishing them
has not worked. It has not worked in Iran, it has not worked in North Korea. In
each instance, our efforts at isolation have actually accelerated their efforts
to get nuclear weapons . That will change when I ' m president of the
United States.
