

date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._KENNEDY
Mr. Howe, Mr. Vice President. First uh – let me again try to correct the
record on the matter of Quemoy and Matsu. I voted for the Formosa
resolution in 1955 . I have sustained it since then. I ' ve said that I
agree with the Administration policy. Mr. Nixon earlier indicated that he would
defend Quemoy and Matsu even if the attack on these islands , two miles
off the coast of China, were not part of a general attack an Formosa and the
Pescadores. I indicated that I would defend those islands if the attack
were directed against Pescadores and Formosa, which is part of the Eisenhower
policy. I ' ve supported that policy. In the last week, as a member of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I have re-read the testimony of General
Twining representing the Administration in 1959 , and the Assistant Secretary
of State before the Foreign Relations Committee in 1958 , and I have accurately
described the Administration policy, and I support it wholeheartedly. So that
really isn ' t an issue in this campaign. It isn ' t an issue with Mr. Nixon,
who now says that he also supports the Eisenhower policy. Nor is the question
that all Americans want peace and security an issue in this campaign. The
question is: are we moving in the direction of peace and security? Is our
relative strength growing? Is, as Mr. Nixon says, our prestige at an all-time
high, as he said a week ago, and that of the Communists at an all-time low?
I don ' t believe it is. I don ' t believe that our relative strength is
increasing. And I say that not as the Democratic standard-bearer, but as a
citizen of the United States who is concerned about the United States. I look
at Cuba, ninety miles off the coast of the United States. In 1957 I was in
Havana. I talked to the American Ambassador there. He said that he was the
second most powerful man in Cuba. And yet even though Ambassador Smith and
Ambassador Gardner, both Republican Ambassadors, both warned of Castro, the
Marxist influences around Castro, the Communist influences around Castro,
both of them have testified in the last six weeks, that in spite of their
warnings to the American government, nothing was done. Our d- security depends
upon Latin America. Can any American looking at the situation in Latin America
feel contented with what ' s happening today, when a candidate for the
presidency of Brazil feels it necessary to call – not on Washington during
the campaign – but on Castro in Havana, in order to pick up the support of
the Castro supporters in Brazil? At the American Conference – Inter-American
Conference this summer, when we wanted them to join together in the
denunciation of Castro and the Cuban Communists , we couldn ' t even get
the Inter-American group to join together in denouncing Castro. It was rather a
vague statement that they finally made. Do you know today that the Com- the
Russians broadcast ten times as many programs in Spanish to Latin America
as we do? Do you know we don ' t have a single program sponsored by our
government to Cuba – to tell them our story, to tell them that we are their
friends, that we want them to be free again? Africa is now the emerging area of
the world. It contains twenty-five percent of all the members of the General
Assembly. We didn ' t even have a Bureau of African Affairs until 1957 . In the
Africa south of the Sahara, which is the major new section, we have less
students from all of Africa in that area studying under government auspices
today than from the country of Thailand. If there ' s one thing Africa needs it
' s technical assistance. And yet last year we gave them less than five percent
of all the technical assistance funds that we distributed around the world. We
relied in the Middle East on the Baghdad Pact, and yet when the Iraqi
Government was changed, the Baghdad Pact broke down. We relied on the
Eisenhower Doctrine for the Middle East, which passed the Senate. There isn ' t
one country in the Middle East that now endorses the Eisenhower Doctrine. We
look to Europe uh – to Asia because the struggle is in the underdeveloped
world. Which system, Communism or freedom, will triumph in the next five or ten
years? That ' s what should concern us, not the history of ten, or fifteen, or
twenty years ago. But are we doing enough in these areas? What are freedom ' s
chances in those areas? By 1965 or 1970 , will there be other Cubas in Latin
America? Will Guinea and Ghana, which have now voted with the Communists
frequently as newly independent countries of Africa – will there be others?
Will the Congo go Communist ? Will other countries? Are we doing enough in
that area? And what about Asia? Is India going to win the economic struggle or
is China going to win it? Who will dominate Asia in the next five or ten years?
Communism? The Chinese? Or will freedom? The question which we have to decide
as Americans – are we doing enough today? Is our strength and prestige
rising? Do people want to be identified with us? Do they want to follow
United States leadership? I don ' t think they do, enough. And that ' s what
concerns me. In Africa – these countries that have newly joined the United
Nations . On the question of admission of Red China, only two countries in
all of Africa voted with us – Liberia and the Union of South Africa. The rest
either abstained or voted against us. More countries in Asia voted against us
on that question than voted with us. I believe that this struggle is going to
go on, and it may be well decided in the next decade. I have seen Cuba go to
the Communists . I have seen Communist influence and Castro influence
rise in Latin America. I have seen us ignore Africa. There are six countries in
Africa that are members of the United Nations . There isn ' t a single
American diplomatic representative in any of those six. When Guinea became
independent, the Soviet Ambassador showed up that very day. We didn ' t
recognize them for two months; the American Ambassador didn ' t show up for
nearly eight months. I believe that the world is changing fast. And I don ' t
think this Administration has shown the foresight, has shown the knowledge, has
been identified with the great fight which these people are waging to
be free, to get a better standard of living, to live better. The average income
in some of those countries is twenty-five dollars a year. The Communists
say, " Come with us; look what we ' ve done. " And we ' ve been in – on the
whole, uninterested. I think we ' re going to have to do better. Mr. Nixon
talks about our being the strongest country in the world. I think we are today.
But we were far stronger relative to the Communists five years ago, and
what is of great concern is that the balance of power is in danger of moving
with them. They made a breakthrough in missiles, and by nineteen sixty-one,
two, and three, they will be outnumbering us in missiles. I ' m not as
confident as he is that we will be the strongest military power by 1963 . He
talks about economic growth as a great indicator of freedom. I agree with him.
What we do in this country, the kind of society that we build, that will tell
whether freedom will be sustained around the world. And yet, in the last nine
months of this year, we ' ve had a drop in our economic growth rather than a
gain . We ' ve had the lowest rate of increase of economic growth in the
last nine months of any major industrialized society in the world. I look up
and see the Soviet flag on the moon. The fact is that the State Department
polls on our prestige and influence around the world have shown such a sharp
drop that up till now the State Department has been unwilling to release them.
And yet they were polled by the U. S. I. A. The point of all this is, this is a
struggle in which we ' re engaged. We want peace. We want freedom. We want
security. We want to be stronger. We want freedom to gain . But I don ' t
believe in these changing and revolutionary times this Administration has known
that the world is changing – has identified itself with that change. I
think the Communists have been moving with vigor – Laos, Africa, Cuba –
all around the world today they ' re on the move. I think we have to revita1ize
our society. I think we have to demonstrate to the people of the world that we
' re determined in this free country of ours to be first – not first if, and
not first but, and not first when – but first. And when we are strong and
when we are first, then freedom gains ; then the prospects for peace
increase; then the prospects for our society gain .


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well, Mr. Nixon, to go back to 1955 . The resolution commits the president
in the United States, which I supported, to defend uh – Formosa, the
Pescadores, and if it was his military judgment, these islands . Then the
President sent a mission, composed of Admiral Radford and Mr. Robertson, to
persuade Chiang Kai-shek in the spring of fifty-five to withdraw from the two
islands , because they were exposed. The President was unsuccessful; Chiang
Kai-shek would not withdraw. I refer to the fact that in 1958 , as a member of
the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I ' m very familiar with the position
that the United States took in negotiating with the Chinese Communists on
these two islands . General Twining, in January, fifty-nine, described the
position of the United States. The position of the United States has been that
this build-up, in the words of the president, has been foolish. Mr. Herter has
said these islands are indefensible. Chiang Kai-shek will not withdraw.
Because he will not withdraw, because he ' s committed to these islands ,
because we ' ve been unable to persuade him to withdraw, we are in a very
difficult position. And therefore, the President ' s judgment has been that we
should defend the islands if, in his military judgment and the judgment of
the commander in the field, the attack on these islands should be part of
an overall attack on Formosa. I support that. In view of the difficulties we '
ve had with the islands , in view of the difficulties and disputes we ' ve
had with Chiang Kai-shek, that ' s the only position we can take. That ' s not
the position you took, however. The first position you took, when this matter
first came up, was that we should draw the line and commit ourselves, as a
matter of principle, to defend these islands . Not as part of the defense
of Formosa and the Pescadores. You showed no recognition of the Administration
program to try to persuade Chiang Kai-shek for the last five years to withdraw
from the islands . And I challenge you tonight to deny that the
Administration has sent at least several missions to persuade Chiang Kai-shek '
s withdrawal from these islands .


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._NIXON
I would say that the issue will stay with us as a campaign issue just as long
as Senator Kennedy persists in what I think is a fundamental error. He says he
supports the President ' s position. He says that he voted for the
resolution . Well just let me point this out; he voted for the
resolution in 1955 which gave the president the power to use the forces of
the United States to defend Formosa and the offshore islands . But he also
voted then for an amendment – which was lost, fortunately – an amendment
which would have drawn a line and left out those islands and denied the p-
right to the president to defend those islands if he thought that it was an
attack on Formosa. He repeated that error in 1959 , in the speech that he made.
He repeated it again in a television debate that we had. Now, my point is this:
Senator Kennedy has got to be consistent here. Either he ' s for the President
and he ' s against the position that those who opposed the President in
fifty-five and fifty-nine – and the Senator ' s position itself, stated the
other day in our debate – either he is for the President and against that
position or we simply have a disagreement here that must continue to be
debated. Now if the Senator in his answer to this question will say " I now
will depart, or retract my previous views; I think I was wrong in I 955 ; I
think I was wrong in 1959 ; and I think I was wrong in our television debate to
say that we should draw a line leaving out Quemoy and Matsu – draw a line in
effect abandoning these islands to the Communists ; " then this will be
right out of the campaign because there will be no issue between us. I support
the President ' s position. I have always opposed drawing a line. I have
opposed drawing a line because I know that the moment you draw a line, that is
an encouragement for the Communists to attack – to step up their
blackmail and to force you into the war that none of us want. And so I would
hope that Senator Kennedy in his answer today would clear it up. It isn ' t
enough for him to say " I support the President ' s position, that I voted for
the resolution . " Of course, he voted for the resolution – it was
virtually unanimous. But the point is, what about his error in voting for the
amendment, which was not adopted, and then persisting in it in fifty-nine,
persisting in it in the debate. It ' s very simple for him to clear it up. He
can say now that he no longer believes that a line should be drawn leaving
these islands out of the perimeter of defense. If he says that, this issue
will not be discussed in the campaign.


date = 1960-10-07
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well, the United States uh – has on occasion attempted uh – mostly in the
middle fifties , to persuade Chiang Kai-shek to pull his troops back to
Formosa. I believe strongly in the defense of Formosa. These islands are a
few miles – five or six miles – off the coast of Red China, within
a general harbor area and more than a hundred miles from Formosa. We have
never said flatly that we will defend Quemoy and Matsu if it ' s attacked. We
say we will defend it if it ' s part of a general attack on Formosa. But it ' s
extremely difficult to make that judgment. Now, Mr. Herter in 1958 , when he
was Under Secretary of State, said they were strategically undefensible.
Admirals Spruance and Callins in 1955 said that we should not attempt to defend
these islands , in their conference in the Far East. General Ridgway
has said the same thing. I believe that when you get into a w- if you ' re
going to get into war for the defense of Formosa, it ought to be on a clearly
defined line. One of the problems, I think, at the time of South Korea was the
question of whether the United States would defend it if it were attacked. I
believe that we should defend Formosa. We should come to its defense. To leave
this rather in the air, that we will defend it under some conditions but not
under other, I think is a mistake. Secondly, I would not suggest the withdrawal
at the point of the Communist gun. It is a decision finally that the
Nationalists should make and I believe that we should consult with them and
attempt to work out a plan by which the line is drawn at the island of
Formosa. It leaves a hundred miles between the sea. But with General
Ridgway, Mr. Herter, General Collins, Admiral Spruance and many others, I think
it ' s unwise to take the chance of being dragged into a war which may lead to
a world war over two islands which are not strategically defensible, which
are not, according to their testimony, essential to the defense of Formosa. I
think that uh – we should protect our commitments. I believe strongly we
should do so in Berlin. I believe strongly we should d- do so in Formosa and I
believe we should meet our commitments to every country whose security we ' ve
guaranteed. But I do not believe that that line in case of war should be drawn
on those islands but instead on the island of Formosa. And as long as
they are not essential to the defense of Formosa, it ' s been my judgment ever
since 1954 , at the time of the Eisenhower Doctrine for the Far East, that our
line should be drawn in the sea around the island itself.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._KENNEDY
Yes. The whole th- the United States now has a treaty – which I voted for in
the United States Senate in 1955 – to defend Formosa and the Pescadores
Island . The islands which Mr. Nixon is discussing are five or four
miles , respectively, off the coast of China. Now when Senator Green, the
chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, wrote to the President, he
received back on the second of October, 1958 – " neither you nor any other
American need feel the U. S. will be involved in military hostilities merely in
the defense of Quemoy and Matsu. " Now, that is the issue. I believe we must
meet our commitment to uh – Formosa. I support it and the Pescadores
Island . That is the present American position. The treaty does not include
these two islands . Mr. Nixon suggests uh – that the United States should
go to war if these two islands are attacked. I suggest that if Formosa is
attacked or the Pescadores, or if there ' s any military action in any area
which indicates an attack on Formosa and the Pescadores, then of course the
United States is at war to defend its treaty. Now, I must say what Mr. Nixon
wants to do is commit us – as I understand him, so that we can be clear if
there ' s a disagreement – he wants us to be committed to the defense of
these islands merely as the defense of these islands as free territory,
not as part of the defense of Formosa. Admiral Yarnell, the commander of the
Asiatic fleet, has said that these islands are not worth the bones of a
single American. The President of the United States has indicated they are not
within the treaty area. They were not within the treaty area when the treaty
was passed in fifty-five. We have attempted to persuade Chiang Kai-shek as late
as January of 1959 to reduce the number of troops he has on them. This is a
serious issue, and I think we ought to understand completely if we disagree,
and if so, where.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._KENNEDY
I don ' t think it ' s possible for Mr. Nixon to state the record in distortion
of the facts with more precision than he just did. In 1955 , Mr. Dulles at a
press conference said: " The treaty that we have with the Republic of China
excludes Quemoy and Matsu from the treaty area. " That was done with much
thought and deliberation. Therefore that treaty does not commit the United
States to defend anything except Formosa and the Pescadores, and to deal with
acts against that treaty area. I completely sustained the treaty. I voted for
it. I would take any action necessary to defend the treaty, Formosa, and the
Pescadores Island . What we ' re now talking about is the Vice President '
s determination to guarantee Quemoy and Matsu, which are four and five
miles off the coast of Red China, which are not within the treaty area. I
do not suggest that Chiang Kai-shek – and this Administration has been
attempting since 1955 to persuade Chiang Kai-shek to lessen his troop
commitments. Uh – He sent a mission – the President – in 1955 of Mr. uh
– Robertson and Admiral Radford. General Twining said they were still doing
it in 1959 . General Ridgway said – who was Chief of Staff: " To go to war
for Quemoy and Matsu to me would seem an unwarranted and tragic course to take.
To me that concept is completely repugnant. " So I stand with them. I stand
with the Secretary of State, Mr. Herter, who said these islands were
indefensible. I believe that we should meet our commitments, and if the Chinese
Communists attack the Pescadores and Formosa, they know that it will mean a
war. I would not ho- hand over these islands under any point of gun. But I
merely say that the treaty is quite precise and I sustain the treaty. Mr. Nixon
would add a guarantee to islands five miles off the coast of the re-
Republic of China when he ' s never really protested the Communists seizing
Cuba, ninety miles off the coast of the United States.


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._KENNEDY
One of the areas, and of course the most vulnerable area is – I have felt,
has been Eastern Europe. I ' ve been critical of the Administration ' s failure
to suggest policies which would make it possible for us to establish, for
example, closer relations with Poland, particularly after the
fifty-five-fifty-six period and the Hungarian revolution. We indicated at that
time that we were not going to intervene militarily. But there was a period
there when Poland demonstrated a national independence and even the Polish
government moved some differn- di- distance away from the Soviet Union. I
suggested that we amend our legislation so that we could enjoy closer economic
ties. We received the support first of the Administration and then not, and we
were defeated by one vote in the Senate. We passed the bill in the Senate this
year but it didn ' t pass the House. I would say Eastern Europe is the area of
vulnerability of the uh – s- of the Soviet Union. Secondly, the relations
between Russia and China. They are now engaged in a debate over whether war is
the means of Communizing the world or whether they should use subversion,
infiltration, economic struggles and all the rest. No one can say what that
course of action will be, but I think the next president of the United States
should watch it carefully. If those two powers should split, it could have
great effects throughout the entire world. Thirdly, I believe that India
represents a great area for affirmative action by the free world. India started
from about the same place that China did. Chinese Communists have been
moving ahead the last ten years. India under a free society has been making
some progress. But if India does not succeed – with her four hundred and
fifty million people, if she can ' t make freedom work – then people
around the world are going to determine – particularly in the underdeveloped
world – that the only way that they can develop their resources is through
the Communist system. Fourth, let me say that in Africa, Asia, Latin
America, Eastern Europe, the great force on our side is the desire of people to
be free. This has expressed itself in the revolts in Eastern Europe. It ' s
expressed itself in the desire of the people of Africa to be independent of
Western Europe. They want to be free. And my judgment is that they don ' t want
to give their freedom up to become Communists . They want to stay free,
independent perhaps of us, but certainly independent of the Communists .
And I believe if we identify ourselves with that force, if we identify
ourselves with it as Lincoln, as Wilson did, as Franklin Roosevelt did, if we
become known as the friend of freedom, sustaining freedom, helping freedom,
helping these people in the fight against poverty and ignorance and disease,
helping them build their lives, I believe in Latin America, Africa, and Asia,
eventually in the Eastern Europe and the Middle East, certainly in Western
Europe, we can strengthen freedom. We can make it move. We can put the
Communists on the defensive.


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._KENNEDY
I uh – said that I ' ve served this country for fourteen years. I served it
uh – in the war. I ' m devoted to it. If I lose this election, I will
continue in the Senate to try to build a stronger country. But I run because I
believe this year the United States has a great opportunity to make a move
forward, to make a determination here at home and around the world, that it ' s
going to reestablish itself as a vigorous society. My judgment is that the
Republican party has stood still here in the United States, and it ' s also
stood still around the world. Uh – We ' re using about fifty percent of
our steel capacity today. We had a recession in fifty-eight. We had a recession
in fifty-four. We ' re not moving ahead in education the way we should. We didn
' t make a judgment in fifty-seven and fifty-six and fifty-five and fifty-four
that outer space would be important. If we stand still here, if we appoint
people to ambassadorships and positions in Washington who have a status quo
outlook, who don ' t recognize that this is a revolutionary time, then the
United States does not maintain its influence. And if we fail, the cause of
freedom fails. I believe it incumbent upon the next president of the United
States to get this country moving again, to get our economy moving ahead, to
set before the American people its goals, its unfinished business. And then
throughout the world appoint the best people we can get, ambassadors who can
speak the language – no mere – not merely people who made a political
contribution but who can speak the language. Bring students here; let them see
what kind of a country we have. Mr. Nixon said that we should not regard them
as pawns in the cold war; we should identify ourselves with them. If that
were true, why didn ' t we identify ourselves with the people of Africa?
Why didn ' t we bring students over here? Why did we suddenly offer Congo three
hundred students last June when they had the tremendous revolt? That was more
than we had offered to all of Africa before from the federal government. I
believe that this party – Republican party – has stood still really for
twenty-five years – its leadership has. It opposed all of the programs of
President Roosevelt and others – the minimum wage and for housing and
economic growth and development of our natural resources, the Tennessee Valley
and all the rest. And I believe that if we can get a party which believes in
movement, which believes in going ahead, then we can reestablish our position
in the world – strong defense, strong in economic growth, justice for our
people, co- guarantee of constitutional rights, so that people will believe
that we practice what we preach, and then around the world, particularly to try
to reestablish the atmosphere which existed in Latin America at the time of
Franklin Roosevelt. He was a good neighbor in Latin America because he was a
good neighbor in the United States; because they saw us as a society that was
compassionate, that cared about people, that was moving this country ahead. I
believe it my responsibility as the leader of the Democratic party in 1960 to
try to warn the American people that in this crucial time we can no longer
afford to stand still. We can no longer afford to be second best. I want people
all over the world to look to the United States again, to feel that we ' re on
the move, to feel that our high noon is in the future. I want Mr. Khrushchev to
know that a new generation of Americans who fought in Europe and Italy and the
Pacific for freedom in World War II have now taken over in the United States,
and that they ' re going to put this country back to work again. I don ' t
believe that there is anything this country cannot do. I don ' t believe there
' s any burden, or any responsibility, that any American would not assume to
protect his country, to protect our security, to advance the cause of freedom.
And I believe it incumbent upon us now to do that. Franklin Roosevelt said in
1936 that that generation of Americans had a rendezvous with destiny. I believe
in 1960 and sixty-one and two and three we have a rendezvous with destiny. And
I believe it incumbent upon us to be the defenders of the United States and the
defenders of freedom; and to do that, we must give this country leadership and
we must get America moving again.


date = 1960-10-07
user = MR._NIXON
No, of course I haven ' t talked to Prime Minister Macmillan. It would not be
appropriate for me to do so. The President is still going to be president for
the next four months and he, of course, is the only one who could commit this
country in this period. As far as a summit conference is concerned, I want
to make my position absolutely clear. I would be willing as president to meet
with Mr. Khrushchev or any other world leader if it would serve the cause of
peace. I would not be able wou- would be willing to meet with him however,
unless there were preparations for that conference which would give us some
reasonable certainty – some reasonable certainty – that you were going to
have some success. We must not build up the hopes of the world and then dash
them as was the case in Paris. There, Mr. Khrushchev came to that
conference determined to break it up. He was going to break it up because
he would – knew that he wasn ' t going to get his way on Berlin and on the
other key matters with which he was concerned at the Paris Conference .
Now, if we ' re going to have another summit conference , there must be
negotiations at the diplomatic level – the ambassadors, the Secretaries of
State, and others at that level – prior to that time, which will delineate
the issues and which will prepare the way for the heads of state to meet and
make some progress. Otherwise, if we find the heads of state meeting and not
making progress, we will find that the cause of peace will have been hurt
rather than helped. So under these circumstances, I, therefore, strongly urge
and I will strongly hold, if I have the opportunity to urge or to hold – this
position: that any summit conference would be gone into only after the most
careful preparation and only after Mr. Khrushchev – after his disgraceful
conduct at Paris, after his disgraceful conduct at the United Nations –
gave some assurance that he really wanted to sit down and talk and to
accomplish something and not just to make propaganda.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._NIXON
Mr. Von Fremd, it would be completely irresponsible for a candidate for the
presidency, or for a president himself, to indicate the course of action and
the weapons he would use in the event of such an attack. I will say this: in
the event that such an attack occurred and in the event the attack was a
prelude to an attack on Formosa – which would be the indication today because
the Chinese Communists say over and over again that their objective is not
the offshore islands , that they consider them only steppingstones to
taking Formosa – in the event that their attack then were a prelude to an
attack on Formosa, there isn ' t any question but that the United States would
then again, as in the case of Berlin, honor our treaty obligations and stand by
our ally of Formosa. But to indicate in advance how we would respond, to
indicate the nature of this response would be incorrect; it would certainly be
inappropriate; it would not be in the best interests of the United States. I
will only say this, however, in addition: to do what Senator Kennedy has
suggested – to suggest that we will surrender these islands or force our
Chinese Nationalist allies to surrender them in advance – is not something
that would lead to peace; it is something that would lead, in my opinion, to
war. This is the history of dealing with dictators. This is something that
Senator Kennedy and all Americans must know. We tried this with Hitler. It didn
' t work. He wanted first uh – we know, Austria, and then he went on to the
Sudetenland and then Danzig, and each time it was thought this is all that he
wanted. Now what do the Chinese Communists want? They don ' t want just
Quemoy and Matsu; they don ' t want just Formosa; they want the world. And the
question is if you surrender or indicate in advance that you ' re not going to
defend any part of the free world, and you figure that ' s going to satisfy
them, it doesn ' t satisfy them. It only whets their appetite; and then the
question comes, when do you stop them? I ' ve often heard President Eisenhower
in discussing this question, make the statement that if we once start the
process of indicating that this point or that point is not the place to stop
those who threaten the peace and freedom of the world, where do we stop them?
And I say that those of us who stand against surrender of territory – this or
any others – in the face of blackmail, in the s- face of force by the
Communists are standing for the course that will lead to peace.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well number one on Indochina, Mr. Nixon talked in – before the newspaper
editors in the spring of 1954 about putting, and I quote him, " American boys
into Indochina. " The reason Indochina was preserved was the result of the
Geneva Conference which Indochina. Number two, on the question of the U-2
flights. I thought the. U-2 flight in May just before the conference was a
mistake in timing because of the hazards involved, if the summit conference
had any hope for success. I never criticized the U-2 flights in general,
however. I never suggested espionage should stop. It still goes on, I would
assume, on both sides. Number three, the Vice President – on May fifteenth
after the U-2 flight – indicated that the flights were going on, even though
the Administration and the President had canceled the flights on May twelfth.
Number three, the pre – Vice President suggests that we should keep the
Communists in doubt about whether we would fight on Quemoy and Matsu. That
' s not the position he ' s taking. He ' s indicating that we should fight for
these islands come what may because they are, in his words, in the area of
freedom. He didn ' t take that position on Tibet. He didn ' t take that
position on Budapest. He doesn ' t take that position that I ' ve seen so far
in Laos. Guinea and Ghana have both moved within the Soviet sphere of
influence in foreign policy; so has Cuba. I merely say that the United States
should meet its commitments to Que- to uh – Formosa and the Pescadores. But
as Admiral Yarnell has said, and he ' s been supported by most military
authority, these islands that we ' re now talking about are not worth the
bones of a single American soldier; and I know how difficult it is to sustain
troops close to the shore under artillery bombardment. And therefore, I think,
we should make it very clear the disagreement between Mr. Nixon and myself. He
' s extending the Administration ' s commitment.


date = 2008-09-26
user = MCCAIN
Well, I was interested in Senator Obama ' s reaction to the Russian aggression
against Georgia. His first statement was, " Both sides ought to show restraint.
" Again, a little bit of naivete there. He doesn ' t understand that Russia
committed serious aggression against Georgia. And Russia has now become a
nation fueled by petro-dollars that is basically a KGB apparatchik-run
government. I looked into Mr. Putin ' s eyes, and I saw three letters, a " K, "
a " G, " and a " B. " And their aggression in Georgia is not acceptable
behavior. I don ' t believe we ' re going to go back to the Cold War. I am sure
that that will not happen. But I do believe that we need to bolster our friends
and allies. And that wasn ' t just about a problem between Georgia and Russia.
It had everything to do with energy. There ' s a pipeline that runs from the
Caspian through Georgia through Turkey. And, of course, we know that the
Russians control other sources of energy into Europe, which they have used
from time to time. It ' s not accidental that the presidents of Latvia,
Estonia, Lithuania, Poland, and Ukraine flew to Georgia, flew to Tbilisi, where
I have spent significant amount of time with a great young president, Misha
Saakashvili. And they showed solidarity with them, but, also, they are very
concerned about the Russian threats to regain their status of the old Russian
to regain their status of the old Russian empire. Now, I think the Russians
ought to understand that we will support — we, the United States — will
support the inclusion of Georgia and Ukraine in the natural process, inclusion
into NATO. We also ought to make it very clear that the Russians are in
violation of their cease-fire agreement. They have stationed additional troops
in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. By the way, I went there once, and we went
inside and drove in, and there was a huge poster. And this is — this is
Georgian territory. And there was a huge poster of Vladimir Putin, and it said,
" Vladimir Putin, our president. " It was very clear, the Russian intentions
towards Georgia. They were just waiting to seize the opportunity. So, this is a
very difficult situation. We want to work with the Russians . But we also
have every right to expect the Russians to behave in a fashion and keeping
with a — with a — with a country who respects international boundaries and
the norms of international behavior. And watch Ukraine. This whole thing has
got a lot to do with Ukraine, Crimea, the base of the Russian fleet in
Sevastopol. And the breakdown of the political process in Ukraine between
Tymoshenko and Yushchenko is a very serious problem. So watch Ukraine, and let
' s make sure that we — that the Ukrainians understand that we are their
friend and ally.


date = 2000-10-03
user = BUSH
Well, I ' m pleased with the results of the election. As the vice president is.
It ' s time for the man to go. It means that the United States must have a
strong diplomatic hand with our friends in NATO. That ' s why it ' s important
to make sure our alliances are as strong as they possibly can be to keep the
pressure on Mr. Milosevic. But this will be an interesting moment for the
Russians to step up and lead as well. Be a wonderful time for the
Russians to step into the Balkans and convince Mr. Milosevic that it ' s in
his best interest and his country ' s best interest to leave office. The
Russians have a lot of sway in that part of the world. We would like to see
the Russians use that sway to encourage democracy to take hold. It ' s an
encouraging election. It ' s time for the man to leave.


date = 1996-10-16
user = CLINTON
First of all, we have a big plan to reduce the capital gains tax when
people sell their homes. Part of my tax package which is paid for in my
balanced budget plan would exempt up to half a million dollars in gains
from people when they sell their homes, which I think is the biggest capital
gains benefit we could give to most ordinary Americans. We also have
capital gains now for people that invest in new small businesses and hold
the investment for five years. It was part of our other economic plan. And
these are things I think that will go a long way toward helping America build a
stronger economy and a better tax system. I think the most important thing to
emphasize, though, is that we also have to help people in other ways to build a
strong economy and we can ' t have any tax cut that ' s not paid for. One of
the big differences between Senator Dole and myself is that I told you how I '
m going to pay for every penny of the tax cuts I recommend and we ' ve worked
hard to bring this deficit down and that ' s helped people in the real estate
business because the interest rates are lower. We ' ve got home ownership at a
15-year high. We ' ve got this country going in the right direction. So we can
have a tax cut but my priority would be to help the families who need it with
child rearing and education and buying a first-time home and helping for health
care costs. So from your business, helping in buying a first-time home,
exempting the capital gains on the sale of the home would be the most
important things that you asked about. Thank you, Pamela.


date = 1984-10-21
user = THE_PRESIDENT
Georgie Anne, we, believe me, supported the Simpson-Mazzoli bill strongly —
and the bill that came out of the Senate. However, there were things added in
in the House side that we felt made it less of a good bill; as a matter of
fact, made it a bad bill. And in conference — we stayed with them in
conference all the way to where even Senator Simpson did not want the bill
in the manner in which it would come out of the conference committee. There
were a number of things in there that weakened that bill. I can ' t go into
detail about them here. But it is true our borders are out of control. It is
also true that this has been a situation on our borders back through a number
of administrations. And I supported this bill. I believe in the idea of amnesty
for those who have put down roots and who have lived here even though sometime
back they may have entered illegally. With regard to the employer sanctions, we
must have that not only to ensure that we can identify the illegal aliens,
but also, while some keep protesting about what it would do to employers, there
is another employer that we shouldn ' t be so concerned about, and these are
employers down through the years who have encouraged the illegal entry into
this country because they then hire these individuals and hire them at
starvation wages and with none of the benefits that we think are normal and
natural for workers in our country, and the individuals can ' t complain
because of their illegal status. We don ' t think that those people should be
allowed to continue operating free. And this was why the provisions that we had
in with regard to sanctions, and so forth — and I ' m going to do everything
I can, and all of us in the administration are, to join in again when Congress
is back at it to get an immigration bill that will give us, once again, control
of our borders. And with regard to friendship below the border and with the
countries down there, yes, no administration that I know has established the
relationship that we have with our Latin friends. But as long as they have an
economy that leaves so many people in dire poverty and unemployment, they are
going to seek that employment across our borders. And we work with those other


date = 1960-10-07
user = MR._NIXON
I disagree completely with Senator Kennedy on this point. I remember in the
period immediately before the Korean War, South Korea was supposed to be
indefensible as well. Generals testified to that. And Secretary Acheson made a
very famous speech at the Press Club, early in the year that k- Korean War
started, indicating in effect that South Korea was beyond the defense zone of
the United States. I suppose it was hoped when he made that speech that we
wouldn ' t get into a war. But it didn ' t mean that. We had to go in when they
came in. Now I think as far as Quemoy and Matsu are concerned, that the
question is not these two little pieces of real estate – they are
unimportant. It isn ' t the few people who live on them – they are not too
important. It ' s the principle involved. These two islands are in the area
of freedom. The Nationalists have these two islands . We should not uh –
force our Nationalist allies to get off of them and give them to the
Communists . If we do that we start a chain reaction; because the
Communists aren ' t after Quemoy and Matsu, they ' re a- they ' re after
Formosa. In my opinion this is the same kind of woolly thinking that led to
disaster for America in Korea. I am against it. I would never tolerate it
as president of the United States, and I will hope that Senator Kennedy will
change his mind if he should be elected.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._NIXON
Well, Mr. Cater, of course it ' s a criticism that uh – is being made. Uh –
I obviously don ' t think it ' s valid. I have supported the Administration ' s
position and I think that that position has been correct; I think my position
has been correct. As far as Indochina was concerned, I stated over and over
again that it was essential during that period that the United States make it
clear that we would not tolerate Indochina falling under Communist
domination. Now, as a result of our taking the strong stand that we did, the
civil war there was ended; and today, at least in the south of Indochina, the
Communists have moved out and we do have a strong, free bastion there. Now,
looking to the U-2 flights, I would like to point out that I have been
supporting the President ' s position throughout. I think the President was
correct in ordering these flights. I think the President was correct,
certainly, in his decision to continue the flights while the conference was
going on. I noted, for example, in reading a – uh – a – a particular
discussion that Senator Kennedy had with Dave Garroway shortly after the uh –
his statement about regrets, that uh – he made the statement that he felt
that these particular flights uh – were ones that shouldn ' t have occurred
right at that time, and the indication was how would Mr. Khrushchev had felt if
we had uh – had a flight over the uni- how would we have felt if Mr.
Khrushchev ha – uh – had a flight over the United States while uh – he
was visiting here. And the answer, of course, is that Communist espionage
goes on all the time. The answer is that the United States can ' t afford to
have a es- an es – a espionage lack or should we s- uh – lag – or should
I say uh – an intelligence lag – any more than we can afford to have a
missile lag. Now, referring to your question with regard to Quemoy and Matsu.
What I object to here is the constant reference to surrendering these
islands . Senator Kennedy quotes the record, which he read from a moment
ago, but what he forgets to point out is that the key vote – a uh – vote
which I ' ve referred to several times – where he was in the minority was one
which rejected his position. Now, why did they reject it? For the very reason
that those Senators knew, as the President of the United States knew, that you
should not indicate to the Communists in advance that you ' re going to
surrender an area that ' s free. Why? Because they know as Senator Kennedy will
have to know that if you do that you encourage them to more aggression.


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._NIXON
Mr. Howe, Senator Kennedy, my fellow Americans. Since this campaign began I
have had a very rare privilege. I have traveled to forty-eight of the fifty
states and in my travels I have learned what the people of the United States
are thinking about. There is one issue that stands out above all the rest, one
in which every American is concerned, regardless of what group he may be a
member and regardless of where he may live. And that issue, very simply stated,
is this: how can we keep the peace – keep it without surrender? How can we
extend freedom – extend it without war? Now in determining how we deal with
this issue, we must find the answer to a very important but simple question:
who threatens the peace? Who threatens freedom in the world? There is only one
threat to peace and one threat to freedom – that that is presented by the
international Communist movement. And therefore if we are to have peace, we
must know how to deal with the Communists and their leaders. I know Mr.
Khrushchev. I also have had the opportunity of knowing and meeting other
Communist leaders in the world. I believe there are certain principles we
must find in dealing with him and his colleagues – principles, if followed,
that will keep the peace and that also can extend freedom. First, we have to
learn from the past, because we cannot afford to make the mistakes of the past.
In the seven years before this Administration came into power in Washington, we
found that six hundred million people went behind the Iron Curtain. And at the
end of that seven years we were engaged in a war in Korea which cost of thirty
thousand American lives. In the past seven years, in President Eisenhower ' s
Administration, this situation has been reversed. We ended the Korean War; by
strong, firm leadership we have kept out of other wars; and we have avoided
surrender of principle or territory at the conference table. Now why were
we successful, as our predecessors were not successful? I think there ' re
several reasons. In the first place, they made a fatal error in misjudging the
Communists ; in trying to apply to them the same rules of conduct that you
would apply to the leaders of the free world. One of the major errors they made
was the one that led to the Korean War. In ruling out the defense of Korea,
they invited aggression in that area. They thought they were going to have
peace – it brought war. We learned from their mistakes. And so, in our seven
years, we find that we have been firm in our diplomacy; we have never made
concessions without getting concessions in return. We have always been willing
to go the extra mile to negotiate for disarmament or in any other area. But
we have never been willing to do anything that, in effect, surrendered freedom
any place in the world. That is why President Eisenhower was correct in not
apologizing or expressing regrets to Mr. Khrushchev at the Paris Conference
, as Senator Kennedy suggested he could have done. That is why Senator wh-
President Eisenhower was also correct in his policy in the Formosa Straits,
where he declined, and refused to follow the recommendations –
recommendations which Senator Kennedy voted for in 1955 ; again made in 1959 ;
again repeated in his debates that you have heard – recommendations with
regard to – again – slicing off a piece of free territory, and abandoning
it, if – in effect, to the Communists . Why did the President feel this
was wrong and why was the President right and his critics wrong? Because again
this showed a lack of understanding of dictators, a lack of understanding
particularly of Communists , because every time you make such a concession
it does not lead to peace; it only encourages them to blackmail you. It
encourages them to begin a war. And so I say that the record shows that we know
how to keep the peace, to keep it without surrender. Let us move now to the
future. It is not enough to stand on this record because we are dealing with
the most ruthless, fanatical … leaders that the world has ever seen. That is
why I say that in this period of the sixties, America must move forward in
every area. First of all, although we are today, as Senator Kennedy has
admitted, the strongest nation in the world militarily, we must increase our
strength, increase it so that we will always have enough strength that
regardless of what our potential opponents have – if the should launch a
surprise attack – we will be able to destroy their war-making capability.
They must know, in other words, that it is national suicide if they begin
anything. We need this kind of strength because we ' re the guardians of the
peace. In addition to military strength, we need to see that the economy of
this country continues to grow. It has grown in the past seven years. It can
and will grow even more in the next four. And the reason that it must grow even
more is because we have things to do at home and also because we ' re in a race
for survival – a race in which it isn ' t enough to be ahead; it isn ' t
enough simply to be complacent. We have to move ahead in order to stay ahead.
And that is why, in this field, I have made recommendations which I am
confident will move the American economy ahead – move it firmly and soundly
so that there will never be a time when the Soviet Union will be able to
challenge our superiority in this field. And so we need military strength, we
need economic strength, we also need the right diplomatic policies. What are
they? Again we turn to the past. Firmness but no belligerence, and by no
belligerence I mean that we do not answer insult by insult. When you are proud
and confident of your strength, you do not get down to the level of Mr.
Khrushchev and his colleagues. And that example that President Eisenhower has
set we will continue to follow. But all this by itself is not enough. It is not
enough for us simply to be the strongest nation militarily, the strongest
economically, and also to have firm diplomacy. We must have a great goal. And
that is: not just to keep freedom for ourselves but to extend it to all the
world, to extend it to all the world because that is America ' s destiny. To
extend it to all the world because the Communist aim is not to hold their
own but to extend Communism. And you cannot fight a victory for Communism or a
strategy of victory for Communism with the strategy, simply of holding the
line. And so I say that we believe that our policies of military strength, of
economic strength, of diplomatic firmness first will keep the peace and keep it
without surrender. We also believe that in the great field of ideals that we
can lead America to the victory for freedom – victory in the newly developing
countries, victory also in the captive countries – provided we have faith in
ourselves and faith in our principles.


date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._NIXON
Well the conditions I laid out in one of our previous television debates, and
it ' s rather difficult to be much more specific than that. Uh – First of
all, we have to have adequate preparation for a summit conference . This
means at the secretary of state level and at the ambassadorial level. By
adequate preparation I mean that at that level we must prepare an agenda, an
agenda agreed upon with the approval of the heads of state involved. Now this
agenda should delineate those issues on which there is a possibility of some
agreement or negotiation. I don ' t believe we should go to a summit
conference unless we have such an agenda, unless we have some reasonable
insur- assurance from Mr. Khrushchev that he intends seriously to negotiate on
those points. Now this may seem like a rigid, inflexible position. But let ' s
look at the other side of the coin. If we build up the hopes of the world by
having a summit conference that is not adequately prepared, and then, if
Mr. Khrushchev finds some excuse for breaking it up – as he did this one –
because he isn ' t going to get his way – we ' d set back the cause of peace.
We do not help it. We can, in other words, negotiate many of these items of
difference between us without going to the summit. I think we have to make a
greater effort than we have been making at the secretary of state level, at the
ambassadorial level, to work out the differences that we have. And so far as
the summit conference is concerned, it should only be entered in upon, it
should only be agreed upon, if the negotiations have reached the point that we
have some reasonable assurance that something is going to come out of it, other
than some phony spirit – a spirit of Geneva, or Camp David, or whatever it
is. When I say " phony spirit, " I mean phony, not because the spirit is not
good on our side, but because the Soviet Union simply doesn ' t intend to carry
out what they say. Now, these are the conditions that I can lay out. I cannot
be more precise than that, because until we see what Mr. Khrushchev does and
what he says uh – we cannot indicate what our plans will be.


date = 2012-10-03
user = OBAMA
If — if we ' re serious, we ' ve got to take a balanced, responsible
approach. And by the way, this is not just when it comes to individual taxes.
Let ' s talk about corporate taxes. Now, I ' ve identified areas where we
can, right away, make a change that I believe would actually help the economy.
The oil industry gets $4 billion a year in corporate welfare. Basically, they
get deductions that those small businesses that Governor Romney refers to, they
don ' t get. Now, does anybody think that ExxonMobil needs some extra money,
when they ' re making money every time you go to the pump? Why wouldn ' t we
want to eliminate that? Why wouldn ' t we eliminate tax breaks for corporate
jets? My attitude is, if you got a corporate jet, you can probably afford to
pay full freight, not get a special break for it. When it comes to corporate
taxes, Governor Romney has said he wants to, in a revenue neutral way, close
loopholes, deductions — he hasn ' t identified which ones they are —
but that thereby bring down the corporate rate. Well, I want to do the same
thing, but I ' ve actually identified how we can do that. And part of the
way to do it is to not give tax breaks to companies that are shipping jobs
overseas. Right now, you can actually take a deduction for moving a plant
overseas. I think most Americans would say that doesn ' t make sense. And all
that raises revenue. And so if we take a balanced approach, what that then
allows us to do is also to help young people, the way we already have during my
administration, make sure that they can afford to go to college. It means that
the teacher that I met in Las Vegas, a wonderful young lady, who describes to
me — she ' s got 42 kids in her class. The first two weeks she ' s got them,
some of them sitting on the floor until finally they get reassigned. They ' re
using text books that are 10 years old. That is not a recipe for growth. That '
s not how America was built. And so budgets reflect choices. Ultimately, we '
re going to have to make some decisions. And if we ' re asking for no revenue,
then that means that we ' ve got to get rid of a whole bunch of stuff. And the
magnitude of the tax cuts that you ' re talking about, Governor, would end up
resulting in severe hardship for people, but more importantly, would not help
us grow. As I indicated before, when you talk about shifting Medicaid to
states, we ' re talking about potentially a 30 — a 30 percent cut in Medicaid
over time. Now, you know, that may not seem like a big deal when it just is,
you know, numbers on a sheet of paper, but if we ' re talking about a family
who ' s got an autistic kid and is depending on that Medicaid, that ' s a big
problem. And governors are creative. There ' s no doubt about it. But they ' re
not creative enough to make up for 30 percent of revenue on something like
Medicaid. What ends up happening is some people end up not getting help.
