

date = 1992-10-15
user = CLINTON
I support the right to keep and bear arms . I live in a state where
over half the adults have hunting or fishing licenses, or both. But I believe
we have to have some way of checking hand guns before they ' re sold,
to check the criminal history, the mental health history, and the age
of people who are buying them. Therefore I support the Brady bill which would
impose a national waiting period unless and until a state did what only
Virginia has done now, which is to automate its records. Once you automate your
records, then you don ' t have to have a waiting period, but at least you can
check . I also think we should have frankly restrictions on assault
weapons whose only purpose is to kill . We need to give the police a
fighting chance in our urban areas where the gangs are building up. The third
thing I would say — it doesn ' t bear directly on gun control, but it
' s very important — we need more police on the street . There is a
crime bill which would put more police on the street , which was
killed for this session by a filibuster in the Senate, mostly be Republican
senators, and I think it ' s a shame it didn ' t pass, I think it should be
made the law — but it had the Brady bill in it, the waiting period. I
also believe that we should offer college scholarships to people who will agree
to work them off as police officers , and I think, as we reduce our
military forces, we should let people earn military retirement by coming out
and working as police officers . Thirty years ago there were three
police officers on the street for every crime ; today there are
three crimes for every police officer . In the communities which
have had real success putting police officers near schools where
kids carry weapons, to get the weapons out of the schools, are on the same
blocks, you ' ve seen crime go down. In Houston there ' s been a 15-
percent drop in the crime rate in the last year because of the work the
mayor did there in increasing the police force. So I know it can work; I '
ve seen it happen.


date = 2004-10-13
user = KERRY
I believe it was a failure of presidential leadership not to reauthorize the
assault weapons ban . I am a hunter. I ' m a gun owner. I ' ve been
a hunter since I was a kid , 12 , 13 years old. And I respect the
Second Amendment and I will not tamper with the Second Amendment. But I ' ll
tell you this. I ' m also a former law enforcement officer . I ran
one of the largest district attorney ' s offices in America, one of the ten
largest. I put people behind bars for the rest of their life . I ' ve
broken up organized crime . I know something about prosecuting. And most of
the law enforcement agencies in America wanted that assault weapons
ban . They don ' t want to go into a drug bust and be facing an AK-47 .
I was hunting in Iowa last year with a sheriff from one of the counties there,
and he pointed to a house in back of us, and said, " See the house over? We
just did a drug bust a week earlier, and the guy we arrested had an
AK-47 lying on the bed right beside him. " Because of the president ' s
decision today, law enforcement officers will walk into a place
that will be more dangerous. Terrorists can now come into America and go to
a gun show and, without even a background check , buy an
assault weapon today. And that ' s what Osama bin Laden ' s handbook said,
because we captured it in Afghanistan. It encouraged them to do it. So I
believe America ' s less safe. If Tom DeLay or someone in the House said to me,
" Sorry, we don ' t have the votes, " I ' d have said, " Then we ' re going to
have a fight. " And I ' d have taken it out to the country and I ' d have had
every law enforcement officer in the country visit those
congressmen. We ' d have won what Bill Clinton won.


date = 1996-10-06
user = DOLE
Not if I didn ' t have a better idea. But I ' ve got a better idea. It ' s
something I ' ve worked on for 15 years. It ' s called the automated check
or the instant check . It ' s being used in 17 states right now. States
like Florida, Colorado, Virginia, and other states. You don ' t buy any gun
. You don ' t get any gun . We ' ve got 20 million names on a computer in
Washington, D. C. of people who should not have guns . We ought to keep
guns out of the hands of criminals . And, there are eight other
categories that should not have guns . I ' ve been working on this for a
long, long time. You walk in, you put your little card in there. If it says
tilt, you don ' t get any gun . You don ' t get a hand gun , you don '
t get a rifle, you don ' t get a shot gun , you get zippo. If we ' re going
to protect American children and American families and people who live as
prisoners in their own home, we ' ve got to stop guns from being dumped on
the street . The administration says they support the instant check .
They ' ve appropriated about $200 million, but only spent about $3 million to
get it underway. In our administration, in my administration, we will expedite.
This keeps up with technology. It keeps guns out of the hands of people who
should not have guns . That is the bottom line. And I believe it ' s a good
idea, has strong bipartisan support. And perhaps that ' s another thing we can
depoliticize. You talk about the Brady Bill. There has only been one
prosecution under the Brady — only one under the assault weapon ban
and only seven under the Brady Bill that you talk about all the time. And on
the assault weapon ban , out of 17 weapons that were banned , only
six banned now because eleven have been modified and are back on the
street . Let ' s get together on this instant check because that will
really make a difference.


date = 2016-10-04
user = KAINE
Elaine, I think that ' s a very fair comment. I think we put a lot on
police shoulders. And this is something I got a lot of scar tissue and
experience on. I was a city councilman and mayor in Richmond. And when I came
in, we had one of the highest homicide rates in the United States. We fought
very, very hard over the course of my time in local office with our police
department, and we reduced our homicide rate nearly in half. And then when I
was governor of Virginia, we worked hard, too. And we did something we had
really wanted to do. For the first time ever, we cracked the top 10 , 10 safest
states, because we worked together. Here ' s what I learned as a mayor and a
governor. The way you make communities safer and the way you make police
safer is through community policing . You build the bonds between the
community and the police force, build bonds of understanding, and then when
people feel comfortable in their communities, that gap between the police
and the communities they serve narrows. And when that gap narrows, it ' s
safer for the communities and it ' s safer for the police . That model
still works across our country, but there are some other models that don ' t
work, an overly aggressive, more militarized model. Donald Trump recently said
we need to do more stop-and-frisk around the country. That would be a big
mistake because it polarizes the relationship between the police and the
community. So here ' s what we ' ll do. We ' ll focus on community policing
. We will focus on — and Hillary Clinton has rolled out a really
comprehensive mental health reform package that she worked on with
law enforcement professionals, and we will also fight the scourge of
gun violence in the United States. I ' m a gun-owner. I ' m a strong Second
Amendment supporter. But I ' ve got a lot of scar tissue, because when I was
governor of Virginia, there was a horrible shooting at Virginia Tech, and we
learned that through that painful situation that gaps in the background
record check system should have been closed and it could have prevented
that crime , and so we ' re going to work to do things like close
background record checks . And if we do, we won ' t have the tragedies
that we did. One of those killed at Virginia Tech was a guy named Liviu
Librescu. He was a 70-plus-year-old Romanian Holocaust survivor. He had
survived the Holocaust. Then he survived the Soviet Union takeover of his
country. But then he was a visiting professor at Virginia Tech, and he couldn '
t survive the scourge of gun violence. We can support the Second Amendment
and do things like background record checks and make us safer, and that
will make police safer, too.


date = 1996-10-06
user = CLINTON
Well, Jim, I think every American in any position of responsibility should be
concerned about what ' s happened. I am. But let ' s look at the overall
record. Overall in America cocaine use has dropped 30 percent in the last four
years, casual drug use down 13 percent. The tragedy is that our young
people are still increasing their use of drugs up to about 11 percent total
with marijuana, and I regret it. Let me tell you what I tried to do about it. I
appointed a four-star general who led our efforts south of the border to keep
drugs from coming into the country as our nation ' s drug czar. The
most heavily directed, decorated solder in uniform when he retired. We
submitted the biggest drug budget ever. We have dramatically increased
control and enforcement at the border. We supported a a crime bill that
had 60 death penalties including, including the death penalty
for drug kingpins. And I supported a big expansion in safe and drug-free
schools program to support things like the DARE program because I thought all
those things were very important. Do I think that I bear some
responsibility for the fact that too many of our children still don ' t
understand drugs are wrong, drugs can kill you. Even though I have
consistently opposed the legalization of drugs all my public life
and worked hard against them. I think we all do. And I hope we can do better. I
don ' t think this issue should be politicized because my record is clear and I
don ' t think Senator Dole supports using using drugs . I think we just
have to continue to work on this until those who think it isn ' t dangerous and
won ' t kill them and won ' t destroy their lives , get the message and


date = 1976-10-22
user = MR._FORD
Uh – Mr. Maynard, uh – the record of gun control, whether it ' s one
city or another or in some states, does not show that the registration of a
gun , handgun, or the registration of the gun owner, has in any way
whatsoever decreased the crime rate or the use of that gun in the
committing of a crime . The record just doesn ' t prove that such
legislation or action by a local city council is effective. What we have to do,
and this is the crux of the matter, is to make it very, very uh – difficult
for a person who uses a gun in the commission of a crime to stay out of
jail . If we make the use of a gun in the commission. of a crime a
serious criminal offense, and that person is prosecuted, then, in my
opinion, we are going after the person who uses the gun for the wrong
reason. I don ' t believe in the registration of handguns or the registration
of the handgun owner. That has not proven to be effective, and therefore, I
think the better way is to go after the criminal , the individual who
commits a crime in the possession of a gun and uses that gun for a
part of his criminal activity. Those are the people who ought to be in
jail . And the only way to do it is to pass strong legislation so that once
apprehended, indicted, convicted, they ' ll be in jail and off the
streets and not using guns in the commission of a crime .


date = 2000-10-11
user = BUSH
Well, it starts with enforcing law . When you say loud and clear to
somebody if you ' re going to carry a gun illegally, we ' re going to
arrest you. If you ' re going to sell a gun illegally, you need to be
arrested. If you commit a crime with a gun , there needs to be absolute
certainty in the law . And that means that the local law
enforcement officials need help at the federal level. Programs like Project
Exile where the federal government intensifies arresting people who illegally
use guns . And we haven ' t done a very good job of that at the federal
level recently. And I ' m going to make it a priority. Secondly, I don ' t
think we ought to be selling guns to people who shouldn ' t have them. That
' s why I support instant background checks at gun shows. One of
the reasons we have an instant background check is so that we instantly
know whether or not somebody should have a gun or not. In Texas I tried to
do something innovative. There ' s a lot of talk about trigger locks being on
guns sold in the future. I support that. But I said if you want a trigger
lock to make your gun safe, come and get one for free. So we ' re
distributing in our State of Texas for free. I think we ought to raise the age
at which a juvenile can carry a handgun from 18 to 21 . I disagree with the
vice president on this issue. He is for registration of guns . I think the
only people that are going to show up to register or get a license — I guess
licensing like a driver ' s license for a gun , the only people that are
going to show up are law-abiding citizens. The criminal is not going to
show up and say hey, give me my I. D. card. It ' s the law-abiding citizens who
will do that. An I don ' t think that is going to be an effective tool to make
the — keep our society safe.


date = 2016-09-26
user = CLINTON
Well, you ' re right. Race remains a significant challenge in our country.
Unfortunately, race still determines too much, often determines where people
live, determines what kind of education in their public schools they can
get, and, yes, it determines how they ' re treated in the criminal
justice system. We ' ve just seen those two tragic examples in both Tulsa
and Charlotte. And we ' ve got to do several things at the same time. We have
to restore trust between communities and the police . We have to work to
make sure that our police are using the best training, the best techniques,
that they ' re well prepared to use force only when necessary. Everyone should
be respected by the law , and everyone should respect the law .
Right now, that ' s not the case in a lot of our neighborhoods. So I have, ever
since the first day of my campaign, called for criminal justice
reform . I ' ve laid out a platform that I think would begin to remedy some
of the problems we have in the criminal justice system. But we also
have to recognize, in addition to the challenges that we face with policing
, there are so many good, brave police officers who equally want
reform . So we have to bring communities together in order to begin working
on that as a mutual goal. And we ' ve got to get guns out of the hands of
people who should not have them. The gun epidemic is the leading cause of
death of young African- American men, more than the next nine causes put
together. So we have to do two things, as I said. We have to restore trust. We
have to work with the police . We have to make sure they respect the
communities and the communities respect them. And we have to tackle the
plague of gun violence, which is a big contributor to a lot of the problems
that we ' re seeing today.


date = 2012-10-16
user = OBAMA
We ' re a nation that believes in the Second Amendment, and I believe in the
Second Amendment. We ' ve got a long tradition of hunting and sportsmen and
people who want to make sure they can protect themselves. But there have been
too many instances during the course of my presidency, where I ' ve had to
comfort families who have lost somebody. Most recently out in Aurora. You know,
just a couple of weeks ago, actually, probably about a month, I saw a
mother , who I had met at the bedside of her son , who had been shot in
that theater. And her son had been shot through the head. And we spent some
time, and we said a prayer and, remarkably, about two months later, this
young man and his mom showed up, and he looked unbelievable, good as new. But
there were a lot of families who didn ' t have that good fortune and whose
sons or daughters or husbands didn ' t survive. So my belief is
that, ( A ) , we have to enforce the laws we ' ve already got, make sure
that we ' re keeping guns out of the hands of criminals , those who are
mentally ill. We ' ve done a much better job in terms of background
checks , but we ' ve got more to do when it comes to enforcement . But
I also share your belief that weapons that were designed for soldiers in
war theaters don ' t belong on our streets . And so what I ' m trying to do
is to get a broader conversation about how do we reduce the violence generally.
Part of it is seeing if we can get an assault weapons ban reintroduced.
But part of it is also looking at other sources of the violence. Because
frankly, in my home town of Chicago, there ' s an awful lot of violence and
they ' re not using AK-47s. They ' re using cheap hand guns . And so what
can we do to intervene, to make sure that young people have opportunity; that
our schools are working; that if there ' s violence on the streets , that
working with faith groups and law enforcement , we can catch it before
it gets out of control. And so what I want is a — is a comprehensive
strategy. Part of it is seeing if we can get automatic weapons that kill
folks in amazing numbers out of the hands of criminals and the mentally
ill. But part of it is also going deeper and seeing if we can get into these
communities and making sure we catch violent impulses before they occur.


date = 2016-09-26
user = CLINTON
You know, the vibrancy of the black church , the black businesses
that employ so many people, the opportunities that so many families are working
to provide for their kids . There ' s a lot that we should be proud of
and we should be supporting and lifting up. But we do always have to make sure
we keep people safe. There are the right ways of doing it, and then there are
ways that are ineffective. Stop-and-frisk was found to be unconstitutional and,
in part, because it was ineffective. It did not do what it needed to do. Now, I
believe in community policing . And, in fact, violent crime is one-half
of what it was in 1991 . Property crime is down 40 percent. We just don ' t
want to see it creep back up. We ' ve had 25 years of very good cooperation.
But there were some problems, some unintended consequences. Too many young
African-American and Latino men ended up in jail for nonviolent offenses.
And it ' s just a fact that if you ' re a young African-American man and you do
the same thing as a young white man, you are more likely to be arrested,
charged , convicted, and incarcerated. So we ' ve got to address the
systemic racism in our criminal justice system. We cannot just say
law and order. We have to say—we have to come forward with a plan that is
going to divert people from the criminal justice system, deal with
mandatory minimum sentences, which have put too many people away for too long
for doing too little. We need to have more second chance programs. I ' m glad
that we ' re ending private prisons in the federal system; I want to see them
ended in the state system. You shouldn ' t have a profit motivation to fill
prison cells with young Americans. So there are some positive ways we can work
on this. And I believe strongly that commonsense gun safety measures would
assist us. Right now—and this is something Donald has supported, along with
the gun lobby—right now, we ' ve got too many military-style weapons on
the streets . In a lot of places, our police are outgunned. We need
comprehensive background checks , and we need to keep guns out
of the hands of those who will do harm. And we finally need to pass a
prohibition on anyone who ' s on the terrorist watch list from being able
to buy a gun in our country. If you ' re too dangerous to fly, you are too
dangerous to buy a gun . So there are things we can do, and we ought to do
it in a bipartisan way.


date = 1984-10-07
user = THE_PRESIDENT
I have believed that in the appointment of judges that all that was specified
in the party platform was that they respect the sanctity of human
life . Now, that I would want to see in any judge and with regard to any
issue having to do with human life . But with regard to abortion, and I
have a feeling that this is — there ' s been some reference without naming it
here in the remarks of Mr. Mondale tied to injecting religion into government.
With me, abortion is not a problem of religion, it ' s a problem of the
Constitution. I believe that until and unless someone can establish that the
unborn child is not a living human being, then that child is
already protected by the Constitution, which guarantees life , liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness to all of us. And I think that this is what we should
concentrate on, is trying — I know there were weeks and weeks of testimony
before a Senate committee, there were medical authorities, there were religious
— there were clerics there — everyone talking about this matter of prolife.
And at the end of all of that, not one shred of evidence was introduced that
the unborn child was not alive. We have seen premature births that are now
grown-up, happy people going around. Also, there is a strange dichotomy in this
whole position about our courts ruling that abortion is not the taking of a
human life . In California, sometime ago, a man beat a woman so
savagely that her unborn child was born dead with a fractured skull,
and the California State Legislature unanimously passed a law that was
signed by the then-Democratic Governor — signed a law that said that any
man who so abuses a pregnant woman that he causes the death of her unborn
child shall be charged with murder. Now, isn ' t it strange that that
same woman could have taken the life of her unborn child , and it was
abortion and not murder, but if somebody else does it, that ' s murder? And it
used the term " death of the unborn child . " So, this has been my
feeling about abortion, that we have a problem now to determine — and all the
evidence so far comes down on the side of the unborn child being a living
human being.


date = 2016-10-04
user = PENCE
You know, my uncle was a cop, a career cop, on the beat in downtown Chicago. He
was my hero when I was growing up. And we ' d go up to visit my dad ' s family
in Chicago. My three brothers and I would marvel at my uncle when he would come
out in his uniform, sidearm at his side. Police officers are the best
of us. And the men and women, white, African-American, Asian, Latino, Hispanic,
they put their lives on the line every single day. And let me say, at the
risk of agreeing with you, community policing is a great idea. It ' s
worked in the Hoosier state. And we fully support that. Donald Trump and I are
going to make sure that law enforcement have the resources and the
tools to be able to really restore law and order to the cities and
communities in this nation. It ' s probably — probably why the 330 , 000
members of the Fraternal Order of Police endorsed Donald Trump as the next
president of the United States of America, because they see his commitment to
them. They see his commitment to law and order. But they also — they also
hear the bad mouthing, the bad mouthing that comes from people that seize upon
tragedy in the wake of police action shootings as — as a reason to — to
use a broad brush to accuse law enforcement of — of implicit bias or
institutional racism. And that really has got to stop. I mean, when an
African-American police officer in Charlotte named Brentley Vinson, an
all-star football player who went to Liberty University here in the state, came
home, followed his dad into law enforcement , joined the force in
Charlotte, joined the force in Charlotte in 2014 , was involved in a police
action shooting that claimed the life of Keith — Keith Lamont Scott, it
was a tragedy. I mean, I — we — we mourn with those who mourn. We — we
grieve with those who grieve. And we ' re saddened at the loss of life .
But Hillary Clinton actually referred to that moment as an example of implicit
bias in the police force, where — where she used — when she was asked
in the debate a week ago whether there was implicit bias in law
enforcement , her only answer was that there ' s implicit bias in everyone
in the United States. I just think …


date = 2020-10-22
user = BIDEN
My response to that is I never, ever said what he accused me of saying. The
fact of the matter is, in 2000 though, after the crime bill had been in the
law for a while, this is the guy who said, ' The problem with the
crime bill, there ' s not enough people in jail . There ' s not enough
people in jail , ' and go on my website, get the quote, the date when he
said it, ' not enough people ' . He talked about marauding gangs, young gangs,
the people who are going to maraud our cities. This is a guy who when the
Central Park five, five innocent Black kids , he continued to push for
making sure that they got the death penalty . None of them were —
none of them were guilty of what the crime , of the crimes that were
suggested. Look, and talk about he, granted, he did in fact let 20 people —
he commuted 20 people ' s sentences. We commuted over 1 , 000 people ' s
sentences. Over 1 , 000 . The very law he ' s talking about is a law
that, in fact, initiated by Barack Obama. And secondly, we ' re in a situation
here where we — the federal prison system was reduced by 38 , 000 people
under our administration. And one of these things we should be doing is there
should be no, no minimum mandatories in the law . That ' s why I ' m
offering $20 billion to states to change their state laws to eliminate
minimum mandatories and set up drug courts . No one should be going to
jail because they have a drug problem. They should be going to
rehabilitation, not to jail . We should fundamentally change the system and
that ' s what I ' m going to do.


date = 2020-10-07
user = HARRIS
I don ' t believe so, and I ' ve talked with Breonna ' s mother , Tamika
Palmer, and her family, and her family deserves justice . She was a
beautiful young woman. She had as her life goal to become a nurse, and she
wanted to become an EMT to first learn what ' s going on out on the street
, so she could then become a nurse and save lives . And her life was
taken, unjustifiably and tragically and violently. And it just, it brings me
to, you know, the eight minutes and 46 seconds that America witnessed, during
which an American man was tortured and killed under the knee of an armed,
uniformed police officer . And people around our country, of every
race, of every age, of every gender – perfect strangers to each other –
marched shoulder to shoulder, arm and arm , fighting for us to finally
achieve that ideal of equal justice under law . And I was a part of
those peaceful protests. And I believe strongly that, first of all, we are
never going to condone violence, but we always must fight for the values that
we hold dear, including the fight to achieve our ideals. And that ' s why Joe
Biden and I have said on this subject, look, and I ' m a former career
prosecutor. I know what I ' m talking about. Bad cops are bad for good cops. We
need reform of our policing in America and our criminal justice
system, which is why Joe and I will immediately ban chokeholds and carotid
holds. George Floyd would be alive today if we did that. We will require a
national registry for police officers who break the law , we will
– on the issue of criminal justice reform – get rid of private
prisons and cash bail and we will decriminalize marijuana, and we will expunge
the records of those who have been convicted of marijuana. This is a time for
leadership. On a tragic, tragic issue …


date = 2000-10-17
user = BUSH
No, I ' m not proud of that. The death penalty is a very serious
business, Leo. It ' s an issue that good people obviously disagree on. I take
my job seriously. And if you think I was proud of it, I think you misread
me, I do. I was sworn to uphold the laws of my state. During the course of
the campaign in 1994 I was asked do you support the death penalty . I
said I did if administered fairly and justly. Because I believe it saves
lives , Leo, I do. If it ' s administered swiftly, justly and fairly, it
saves lives . One of the things that happens when you ' re a governor, at
least oftentimes you have to make tough decisions. You can ' t let public
persuasion sway you, because the job is to enforce the law . And that ' s
what I did, sir. There have been some tough cases come across my desk. Some of
the hardest moments since I ' ve been the governor of the State of Texas is to
deal with those cases. But my job is to ask two questions, sir. Is the person
guilty of the crime ? And did the person have full access to the courts
of law ? And I can tell you looking at you right now, in all cases those
answers were affirmative. I ' m not proud of any record. I ' m proud of
the fact that violent crime is down in the State of Texas. I ' m proud
of the fact that we hold people accountable. But I ' m not proud of any
record, sir, I ' m not.


date = 2012-10-11
user = RYAN
I don ' t see how a person can separate their public life from their
private life or from their faith. Our faith informs us in everything we do.
My faith informs me about how to take care of the vulnerable, of how to make
sure that people have a chance in life . Now, you want to ask basically why
I ' m pro-life? It ' s not simply because of my Catholic faith. That ' s a
factor, of course. But it ' s also because of reason and science. You know, I
think about 10 1 / 2 years ago, my wife Janna and I went to Mercy Hospital in
Janesville where I was born , for our seven week ultrasound for our
firstborn child , and we saw that heartbeat. A little baby was in the shape
of a bean. And to this day, we have nicknamed our firstborn child Liza, "
Bean. " Now I believe that life begins at conception. That ' s why —
those are the reasons why I ' m pro-life. Now I understand this is a difficult
issue, and I respect people who don ' t agree with me on this, but the
policy of a Romney administration will be to oppose abortions with the
exceptions for rape, incest and life of the mother . What troubles me
more is how this administration has handled all of these issues. Look at what
they ' re doing through Obamacare with respect to assaulting the
religious liberties of this country. They ' re infringing upon our first
freedom, the freedom of religion, by infringing on Catholic charities, Catholic
churches , Catholic hospitals. Our church should not have to sue our
federal government to maintain their religious liberties. And with respect
to abortion, the Democratic Party used to say they wanted it to be safe, legal
and rare. Now they support it without restriction and with taxpayer funding.
Taxpayer funding in Obamacare, taxpayer funding with foreign aid. The vice
president himself went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldn ' t
second guess their one child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations.
That to me is pretty extreme.


date = 1984-10-07
user = MR._MONDALE
I want to thank the League of Women Voters and the city of Louisville for
hosting this evening ' s debate. I want to thank President Reagan for agreeing
to debate. He didn ' t have to, and he did, and we all appreciate it. The
President ' s favorite question is: Are you better off? Well, if you ' re
wealthy, you ' re better off. If you ' re middle income, you ' re about where
you were. And if you ' re modest income, you ' re worse off. That ' s what the
economists tell us. But is that really the question that should be asked? Isn '
t the real question is will we be better off? Will our children be better
off? Are we building the future that this nation needs? I believe that if we
ask those questions that bear on our future, not just congratulate
ourselves but challenge us to solve those problems, you ' ll see that we need
new leadership. Are we better of with this arms race? Will we be better off
if we start this star wars escalation into the heavens? Are we better off when
we deemphasize our values in human rights? Are we better off when we load
our children with this fantastic debt? Would fathers and mothers
feel proud of themselves if they loaded their children with debts like
this nation is now — over a trillion dollars on the shoulders of our
children ? Can we say, really say that we will be better off when we pull
away from sort of that basic American instinct of decency and fairness? I
would rather lose a campaign about decency than win a campaign about
self-interest. I don ' t think this nation is composed of people who care only
for themselves. And when we sought to assault Social Security and
Medicare, as the record shows we did, I think that was mean-spirited. When we
terminated 400 , 000 desperate, hopeless, defenseless Americans who were on
disability — confused and unable to defend themselves, and just laid them out
on the street , as we did for 4 years, I don ' t think that ' s what
America is all about. America is a fair society, and it is not right that
Vice President Bush pays less in taxes than the janitor who helps him. I
believe there ' s fundamental fairness crying out that needs to be achieved in
our tax system. I believe that we will be better off if we protect this
environment . And contrary to what the President says, I think their record
on the environment is inexcusable and often shameful. These laws are
not being enforced, have not been enforced, and the public health and the
air and the water are paying the price. That ' s not fair for our future. I
think our future requires a President to lead us in an all-out search to
advance our education, our learning, and our science and training, because this
world is more complex and we ' re being pressed harder all the time. I believe
in opening doors. We won the Olympics, in part, because we ' ve had civil
rights laws and the laws that prohibit discrimination against women. I
have been for those efforts all my life . The President ' s record is quite
different. The question is our future. President Kennedy once said in response
to similar arguments, " We are great, but we can be greater. " We can be better
if we face our future, rejoice in our strengths, face our problems, and by
solving them, build a better society for our children . Thank you.


date = 1992-10-15
user = BUSH
I think you put your finger on a major problem. I talk about strengthening the
American family and it ' s very hard to strengthen the family if people are
scared to walk down to the corner store and, you know, send their kid down
to get a loaf of bread. It ' s very hard. I have been fighting for very strong
anti-crime legislation — habeas corpus reform , so you don ' t have these
endless appeals, so when somebody gets sentenced, hey, this is for real. I ' ve
been fighting for changes in the exclusionary rule so if an honest cop stops
somebody and makes a technical mistake, the criminal doesn ' t go away. I '
ll probably get into a fight in this room with some but I happen to think that
we need stronger death penalties for those that kill police
officers . Virginia ' s in the lead in this, as Governor Clinton properly
said, on this identification system for firearms. I am not for national
registration of firearms. Some of the states that have the toughest anti-gun
laws have the highest levels of crime . I am for the right, as the
governor says- -I ' m a sportsman and I don ' t think you ought to eliminate
all kinds of weapons. But I was not for the bill that he was talking about
because it was not tough enough on the criminal . I ' m very pleased that
the Fraternal Order of Police in Little Rock, Arkansas endorsed me because
I think they see I ' m trying to strengthen the anti-crime legislation. We ' ve
got more money going out for local police than any previous administration.
So we ' ve got to get it under control and there ' s one last point I ' d make.
Drugs . We have got to win our national strategy against drugs , the
fight against drugs . And we ' re making some progress, doing a little
better on interdiction. We ' re not doing as well amongst the people that get
to be habitual drug-users. The good news is, and I think it ' s true in
Richmond, teenage use is down of cocaine, substantially, 60 % in the last
couple of years. So we ' re making progress but until we get that one done, we
' re not going to solve the neighborhood crime problem.


date = 2000-10-03
user = BUSH
I don ' t think a president can do that. I was disappointed in the ruling
because I think abortions ought to be more rare in America, and I ' m worried
that that pill will create more abortions and cause more people to have
abortions. This is a very important topic and it ' s a very sensitive topic,
because a lot of good people disagree on the issue. I think what the next
president ought to do is to promote a culture of life in America. Life
of the elderly and life of those living all across the country. Life of
the unborn. As a matter of fact, I think a noble goal for this country is that
every child , born or unborn, need to be protected by law and
welcomed to life . I know we need to change a lot of minds before we get
there in America. What I do believe is that we can find good, common ground on
issues of parental consent or parental notification. I know we need to ban
partial birth abortions. This is a place where my opponent and I have strong
disagreement. I believe banning partial birth abortions would be a positive
step to reducing the number of abortions in America. This is an issue that will
require a new attitude. We ' ve been battling over abortion for a long period
of time. Surely this nation can come together to promote the value of life
. Surely we can fight off these laws that will encourage doctors to — to
allow doctors to take the lives of our seniors. Surely we can work together
to create a cultural life so some of these youngsters who feel like they
can take a neighbor ' s life with a gun will understand that that ' s
not the way America is meant to be. Surely we can find common ground to reduce
the number of abortions in America. As to the drug itself, I mentioned I
was disappointed. I hope the FDA took its time to make sure that American women
will be safe who use this drug .


date = 1988-10-05
user = QUAYLE
I will address the military aspect, if I may respond. The military aspect of
the drug problem is being addressed. As a matter of fact, we are using the
Department of Defense in a coordinated effort, in reconnaissance. But I don ' t
believe that we are going to turn the Department of Defense into a police
organization. We are using our military assets in a prudent way to deal with
interdiction, and we ' ve made some success in this area. Seventy tons of
cocaine have been stopped. But, you know, when you look at the drug problem
– and it is a tremendous problem, and there are no easy solutions to it –
it ' s a complicated problem, and it ' s heading up the effort to try to create
a drug-free America, which is a challenge and a goal of all of us. Not only
will we utilize national defense and the Department of Defense, but we ' ve got
to get on the demand side of the ledger; we ' ve got to get to education. And
education ought to begin at home, and it ought to be reinforced in our schools.
And there ' s another thing that will be more important than the premise of
this question on a hypothetical of using troops. We will use the military
assets, we will use military assets – but we need to focus on another part of
this problem, and that problem is law enforcement . And here is where
we have a major disagreement with the governor of Massachusetts. He is opposed
to the death penalty for drug kingpins. We believe people convicted
of that crime deserve the death penalty , as does the legislation
that ' s in the Congress that is supported by a bipartisan, including many
Democrats of his party. He also was opposed to mandatory drug sentencing
for drug dealers in the state of Massachusetts. You cannot have a war on
drugs , you cannot be tough on drugs and weak on crime .
