

date = 1960-10-21
user = MR._NIXON
Mr. Howe, Senator Kennedy, my fellow Americans. Since this campaign began I
have had a very rare privilege. I have traveled to forty-eight of the fifty
states and in my travels I have learned what the people of the United States
are thinking about. There is one issue that stands out above all the rest, one
in which every American is concerned, regardless of what group he may be a
member and regardless of where he may live. And that issue, very simply stated,
is this: how can we keep the peace – keep it without surrender? How can we
extend freedom – extend it without war? Now in determining how we
deal with this issue, we must find the answer to a very important but simple
question: who threatens the peace? Who threatens freedom in the world? There is
only one threat to peace and one threat to freedom – that that is presented
by the international Communist movement. And therefore if we are to have peace,
we must know how to deal with the Communists and their leaders. I know Mr.
Khrushchev. I also have had the opportunity of knowing and meeting other
Communist leaders in the world. I believe there are certain principles we must
find in dealing with him and his colleagues – principles, if followed, that
will keep the peace and that also can extend freedom. First, we have to
learn from the past, because we cannot afford to make the mistakes of the past.
In the seven years before this Administration came into power in Washington, we
found that six hundred million people went behind the Iron Curtain. And at the
end of that seven years we were engaged in a war in Korea which cost of thirty
thousand American lives. In the past seven years, in President Eisenhower ' s
Administration, this situation has been reversed. We ended the Korean War;
by strong, firm leadership we have kept out of other wars; and we have avoided
surrender of principle or territory at the conference table. Now why were we
successful, as our predecessors were not successful? I think there ' re several
reasons. In the first place, they made a fatal error in misjudging the
Communists; in trying to apply to them the same rules of conduct that you would
apply to the leaders of the free world. One of the major errors they made was
the one that led to the Korean War. In ruling out the defense of Korea, they
invited aggression in that area. They thought they were going to have peace –
it brought war. We learned from their mistakes. And so, in our seven years, we
find that we have been firm in our diplomacy; we have never made concessions
without getting concessions in return. We have always been willing to go the
extra mile to negotiate for disarmament or in any other area. But we have never
been willing to do anything that, in effect, surrendered freedom any place in
the world. That is why President Eisenhower was correct in not apologizing or
expressing regrets to Mr. Khrushchev at the Paris Conference, as Senator
Kennedy suggested he could have done. That is why Senator wh- President
Eisenhower was also correct in his policy in the Formosa Straits, where he
declined, and refused to follow the recommendations – recommendations
which Senator Kennedy voted for in 1955 ; again made in 1959 ; again repeated
in his debates that you have heard – recommendations with regard to –
again – slicing off a piece of free territory, and abandoning it, if – in
effect, to the Communists. Why did the President feel this was wrong and
why was the President right and his critics wrong ? Because again this
showed a lack of understanding of dictators, a lack of understanding
particularly of Communists, because every time you make such a concession it
does not lead to peace; it only encourages them to blackmail you. It encourages
them to begin a war. And so I say that the record shows that we know how to
keep the peace, to keep it without surrender. Let us move now to the future. It
is not enough to stand on this record because we are dealing with the most
ruthless, fanatical … leaders that the world has ever seen. That is why I say
that in this period of the sixties, America must move forward in every area.
First of all, although we are today, as Senator Kennedy has admitted, the
strongest nation in the world militarily, we must increase our strength,
increase it so that we will always have enough strength that regardless of what
our potential opponents have – if the should launch a surprise attack – we
will be able to destroy their war-making capability. They must know, in other
words, that it is national suicide if they begin anything. We need this kind of
strength because we ' re the guardians of the peace. In addition to military
strength, we need to see that the economy of this country continues to grow. It
has grown in the past seven years. It can and will grow even more in the next
four. And the reason that it must grow even more is because we have things to
do at home and also because we ' re in a race for survival – a race in which
it isn ' t enough to be ahead; it isn ' t enough simply to be complacent. We
have to move ahead in order to stay ahead. And that is why, in this field, I
have made recommendations which I am confident will move the American
economy ahead – move it firmly and soundly so that there will never be a time
when the Soviet Union will be able to challenge our superiority in this field.
And so we need military strength, we need economic strength, we also need the
right diplomatic policies. What are they? Again we turn to the past. Firmness
but no belligerence, and by no belligerence I mean that we do not answer insult
by insult. When you are proud and confident of your strength, you do not get
down to the level of Mr. Khrushchev and his colleagues. And that example that
President Eisenhower has set we will continue to follow. But all this by itself
is not enough. It is not enough for us simply to be the strongest nation
militarily, the strongest economically, and also to have firm diplomacy. We
must have a great goal. And that is: not just to keep freedom for ourselves but
to extend it to all the world, to extend it to all the world because
that is America ' s destiny. To extend it to all the world because the
Communist aim is not to hold their own but to extend Communism. And you
cannot fight a victory for Communism or a strategy of victory for Communism
with the strategy, simply of holding the line. And so I say that we believe
that our policies of military strength, of economic strength, of diplomatic
firmness first will keep the peace and keep it without surrender. We also
believe that in the great field of ideals that we can lead America to the
victory for freedom – victory in the newly developing countries, victory also
in the captive countries – provided we have faith in ourselves and faith in
our principles.


date = 2020-10-22
user = BIDEN
What I ' m going to do is pass Obamacare with a public option — become
Bidencare. Public option is an option that says that if you, in fact, do not
have the wherewithal to be — if you qualify for Medicaid, and you do not have
the wherewithal in your state to get Medicaid, you automatically are enrolled,
providing competition for insurance companies. That ' s what ' s going to
happen. Secondly, we ' re going to make sure we reduce the premiums and reduce
drug prices by making sure that there ' s competition that doesn ' t
exist now by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices with the
insurance companies. Thirdly, the idea that I want to eliminate private
insurance — the reason why I had such a fight for, with 20 candidates for the
nomination, was I support private insurance. That ' s why I did not — not one
single person, private insurance, would lose their insurance under my plan, nor
did they under Obamacare. They did not lose their insurance, unless they chose
they wanted to go to something else. Lastly, we ' re going to make sure we ' re
in a situation that we actually protect pre-existing — there ' s no way
he can protect pre-existing conditions . None, zero, you can ' t do it in
the ether. He ' s been talking about this for a long time. There is no — he '
s never come up with a plan. I guess we ' re gonna get the pre-existing
condition plan the same time we get the infrastructure plan that we waited
since 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 . The fact — I still have a little, a few more
minutes , I know you ' re getting anxious — the fact is that he ' s
already cost the American people because of his terrible handling of the COVID
virus and economic spillover. 10 million people have lost their private
insurance, and he wants to take away 22 million more people who have been under
Obamacare, and over 110 million people with pre-existing conditions . And
all the people from COVID are going to have pre-existing conditions . What
are they gonna do?


date = 2000-10-17
user = BUSH
I, too, want to extend my prayers and blessings, God ' s blessings on the
families whose lives were overturned yes — tod — last night. It ' s a
tragic moment. Actually, Mr. Vice President, it ' s not true. I do support a
national patient ' s bill of rights. As a matter of fact, I brought
Republicans and Democrats together to do just that in the State of Texas to get
a patient ' s bill of rights through. It requires a different kind of
leadership style to do it, though. You see, in order to get something done on
behalf of the people, you have to put partisanship aside, and that ' s what we
did in my state. We have one of the most advanced patient ' s bill of
rights. It says, for example, that a woman doesn ' t have to go through a gate
keeper to go to her gynecologist. It says that you can ' t gag a doctor ,
doctor can advise you. The HMO, the insurance company, can ' t gag that
doctor from giving you full advice. And this particular bill, it allows
patients to choose a doctor , their own doctor if they want to. But
we did something else that was interesting. We ' re one of the first states
that said you can sue an HMO for denying you proper coverage. Now there ' s
what ' s called an Independent Review Organization that you have to go through
first. It says if youâ€ trade_mark_e ve got a complaint with your insurance
company, you can take your complaint to an objective body. If the objective
body rules on your behalf, the insurance company must follow those rules.
However, if the insurance company doesn ' t follow the findings of the IRO,
then that becomes a cause of action in a court of law. It ' s time for our
nation to come together and do what ' s right for the people, and I think this
is right for the people. You know, I support a national patient ' s bill of
rights, Mr. Vice President, and I want all people covered . I don ' t want
the law to supersede good law like we ' ve got in Texas. I think —


date = 2004-09-30
user = BUSH
That ' s totally absurd. Of course, the U. N. was invited in. And we support
the U. N. efforts there. They pulled out after Sergio de Mello got killed. But
they ' re now back in helping with elections. My opponent says we didn ' t have
any allies in this war. What ' s he say to Tony Blair? What ' s he say to
Alexander Kwasniewski of Poland? You can ' t expect to build an alliance when
you denigrate the contributions of those who are serving side by side with
American troops in Iraq. Plus, he says the cornerstone of his plan to
succeed in Iraq is to call upon nations to serve. So what ' s the message going
to be: " Please join us in Iraq. For a grand diversion. Join us for a war that
is the wrong war at the wrong place at the wrong time? " I know how
these people think. I deal with them all the time. I sit down with the world
leaders frequently and talk to them on the phone frequently. They ' re not
going to follow somebody who says, " This is the wrong war at the wrong
place at the wrong time. " They ' re not going to follow somebody who says
this is the wrong war at the wrong place at the wrong time. They '
re not going to follow somebody whose core convictions keep changing because of
politics in America. And finally, he says we ought to have a summit. Well,
there are summits being held. Japan is going to have a summit for the donors;
$14 billion pledged. And Prime Minister Koizumi is going to call countries to
account, to get them to contribute. And there ' s going to be an Arab summit,
of the neighborhood countries. And Colin Powell helped set up that summit.


date = 2000-10-17
user = GORE
Mr. Hankins, I don ' t feel good about it, and I think we ought to have a
patient ' s bill of rights to take the medical decisions away from the
HMOs and give them back to the doctors and nurses. I want to come back and
tell you why, but if you will forgive me, I would like to say something right
now at the beginning of this debate following on the moment of silence for Mel
Carnahan and Randy Carnahan and Chris Sifford. Tipper and I were good friends
with Mel and Randy, and I know that all of us here want to extend our
sympathy and condolences to Jean and the family and to the Sifford family. And
I would just like to say that this debate in a way is a living tribute to Mel
Carnahan because he loved the vigorous discussion of ideas in our democracy. He
was a fantastic governor of Missouri. This state became one of the top five in
the nation for health care coverage for children under his leadership. One of
the best in advancing all kinds of benefits for children to grow up healthy and
strong. And of course, this debate also takes place at a time when the tragedy
of the USS Cole is on our minds and hearts and insofar as the memorial service
is tomorrow, I would like to also extend sympathy to the families of those
who have died and those who are still missing, and the injured. Now, Mr.
Hankins, I think that the situation that you describe has gotten completely
out of hand. Doctors are giving prescriptions , they ' re recommending
treatments, and then their recommendations are being overruled by HMOs and
insurance companies. That is unacceptable. I support a strong national
patient ' s bill of rights. It is actually a disagreement between us, a
national law that is pending on this, the Dingle-Norwood bill, a bipartisan
bill, is one that I support and that the governor does not.


date = 2020-09-29
user = BIDEN
The American people have a right to have a say in who the Supreme Court nominee
is and that say occurs when they vote for United States Senators and when they
vote for the President of United States. They ' re not going to get that chance
now because we ' re in the middle of an election already. The election has
already started. Tens of thousands of people already voted and so the thing
that should happen is we should wait. We should wait and see what the outcome
of this election is because that ' s the only way the American people get to
express their view is by who they elect as President and who they elect as Vice
President. Now, what ' s at stake here is the President ' s made it clear, he
wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. He ' s been running on that, he
ran on that and he ' s been governing on that. He ' s in the Supreme Court
right now trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which will strip 20
million people from having health insurance now, if it goes into court. And the
justice, I ' m not opposed to the justice, she seems like a very fine person.
But she ' s written, before she went in the bench, which is her right, that she
thinks that the Affordable Care Act is not Constitutional. The other thing that
' s on the court, and if it ' s struck down, what happens? Women ' s rights
are fundamentally changed. Once again, a woman could pay more money because she
has a pre-existing condition of pregnancy. They ' re able to charge women
more for the same exact procedure a man gets. And that ended when we, in fact,
passed the Affordable Care Act, and there ' s a hundred million people who have
pre-existing conditions and they ' ll be taken away as well. Those
pre-existing conditions , insurance companies are going to love this. And
so it ' s just not appropriate to do this before this election. If he wins the
election and the Senate is Republican, then he goes forward. If not, we should
wait until February.


date = 2008-10-07
user = OBAMA
Well, you know, as I travel around the country, this is one of the single most
frequently asked issues that I get, is the issue of health care. It is breaking
family budgets. I can ' t tell you how many people I meet who don ' t have
health insurance. If you ' ve got health insurance, most of you have seen your
premiums double over the last eight years. And your co-payments and deductibles
have gone up 30 percent just in the last year alone. If you ' re a small
business, it ' s a crushing burden. So one of the things that I have said from
the start of this campaign is that we have a moral commitment as well as an
economic imperative to do something about the health care crisis that so many
families are facing. So here ' s what I would do. If you ' ve got health care
already, and probably the majority of you do, then you can keep your plan if
you are satisfied with it. You can keep your choice of doctor . We ' re
going to work with your employer to lower the cost of your premiums by up to $2
, 500 a year. And we ' re going to do it by investing in prevention. We ' re
going to do it by making sure that we use information technology so that
medical records are actually on computers instead of you filling forms out
in triplicate when you go to the hospital. That will reduce medical errors
and reduce costs. If you don ' t have health insurance, you ' re going to be
able to buy the same kind of insurance that Senator McCain and I enjoy as
federal employees. Because there ' s a huge pool, we can drop the costs. And
nobody will be excluded for pre-existing conditions , which is a huge
problem. Now, Senator McCain has a different kind of approach. He says that he
' s going to give you a $5 , 000 tax credit. What he doesn ' t tell you is that
he is going to tax your employer-based health care benefits for the first time
ever. So what one hand giveth, the other hand taketh away. He would also strip
away the ability of states to provide some of the regulations on insurance
companies to make sure you ' re not excluded for pre-existing conditions or
your mammograms are covered or your maternity is covered . And that is
fundamentally the wrong way to go. In fact, just today business
organizations like the United States Chamber of Commerce, which generally are
pretty supportive of Republicans, said that this would lead to the unraveling
of the employer-based health care system. That, I don ' t think, is the kind of
change that we need. We ' ve got to have somebody who is fighting for
patients and making sure that you get decent, affordable health care. And
that ' s something that I ' m committed to doing as president.


date = 2008-10-07
user = OBAMA
Well, I think it should be a right for every American. In a country as wealthy
as ours, for us to have people who are going bankrupt because they can ' t pay
their medical bills — for my mother to die of cancer at the age of 53 and
have to spend the last months of her life in the hospital room arguing with
insurance companies because they ' re saying that this may be a pre-existing
condition and they don ' t have to pay her treatment, there ' s something
fundamentally wrong about that. So let me — let me just talk about this
fundamental difference. And, Tom, I know that we ' re under time constraints,
but Senator McCain through a lot of stuff out there. Number one, let me just
repeat, if you ' ve got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it. All
I ' m going to do is help you to lower the premiums on it. You ' ll still have
choice of doctor . There ' s no mandate involved. Small businesses are not
going to have a mandate. What we ' re going to give you is a 50 percent tax
credit to help provide health care for those that you need. Now, it ' s true
that I say that you are going to have to make sure that your child has health
care, because children are relatively cheap to insure and we don ' t want them
going to the emergency room for treatable illnesses like asthma. And when
Senator McCain says that he wants to provide children health care, what he
doesn ' t mention is he voted against the expansion of the Children ' s Health
Insurance Program that is responsible for making sure that so many children who
didn ' t have previously health insurance have it now. Now, the final point I '
ll make on this whole issue of government intrusion and mandates — it is
absolutely true that I think it is important for government to crack down on
insurance companies that are cheating their customers, that don ' t give you
the fine print, so you end up thinking that you ' re paying for something and,
when you finally get sick and you need it, you ' re not getting it. And the
reason that it ' s a problem to go shopping state by state, you know what
insurance companies will do? They will find a state — maybe Arizona, maybe
another state — where there are no requirements for you to get cancer
screenings, where there are no requirements for you to have to get pre-existing
conditions , and they will all set up shop there. That ' s how in banking
it works. Everybody goes to Delaware, because they ' ve got very — pretty
loose laws when it comes to things like credit cards. And in that situation
, what happens is, is that the protections you have, the consumer protections
that you need, you ' re not going to have available to you. That is a
fundamental difference that I have with Senator McCain. He believes in
deregulation in every circumstance. That ' s what we ' ve been going through
for the last eight years. It hasn ' t worked, and we need fundamental change.


date = 1960-09-26
user = MR._NIXON
It would be rather difficult to cover them in eight and- in two and a
half minutes . I would suggest that these proposals could be mentioned.
First, after each of my foreign trips I have made recommendations that have
been adopted. For example, after my first trip abroad – abroad, I strongly
recommended that we increase our exchange programs particularly as they related
to exchange of persons of leaders in the labor field and in the information
field. After my trip to South America, I made recommendations that a
separate inter-American lending agency be set up which the South American
nations would like much better than a lend- than to participate in the lending
agencies which treated all the countries of the world the same. Uh – I have
made other recommendations after each of the other trips; for example,
after my trip abroad to Hungary I made some recommendations with regard to
the Hungarian refugee situation which were adopted, not only by the
President but some of them were enacted into law by the Congress. Within the
Administration, as a chairman of the President ' s Committee on Price Stability
and Economic Growth, I have had the opportunity to make recommendations
which have been adopted within the Administration and which I think have been
reasonably effective. I know Senator Kennedy suggested in his speech at
Cleveland yesterday that that committee had not been particularly effective. I
would only suggest that while we do not take the credit for it – I would not
presume to – that since that committee has been formed the price line has
been held very well within the United States.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._NIXON
Mr. McGee, I am planning a speech on that subject next week. Uh – Also, so
that we can get the uh – opportunity for the questioners to question me, it
will be before the next television debate. Uh – I will say simply, in advance
of it, that I believe that in this area, the laws which should be passed uh –
as far as the big national emergency strikes are concerned, are ones
that will give the president more weapons with which to deal with those
strikes . Now, I have a basic disagreement with Senator Kennedy, though, on
this point. He has taken the position, when he first indicated in October of
last year, that he would even favor compulsory arbitration as one of the
weapons the president might have to stop a national emergency strike .
I understand in his last speech before the Steelworkers Union, that he changed
that position and indicated that he felt that government seizure might be the
best way to stop a strike which could not be settled by collective
bargaining. I do not believe we should have either compulsory arbitration or
seizure. I think the moment that you give to the union, on the one side, and to
management, on the other side, the escape hatch of eventually going to
government to get it settled, that most of these great strikes will end up
being settled by government, and that will be a – be in the end, in my
opinion, wage control; it would mean price control – all the things that we
do not want. I do believe, however, that we can give to the president of the
United States powers, in addition to what he presently has in the fact finding
area, which would enable him to be more effective than we have been in handling
these strikes . One last point I should make. The record in handling them
has been very good during this Administration. We have had less man-hours lost
by strikes in these last seven years than we had in the previous seven
years, by a great deal. And I only want to say that however good the record is,
it ' s got to be better. Because in this critical year – period of the
sixties we ' ve got to move forward, all Americans must move forward together,
and we have to get the greatest cooperation possible between labor and
management. We cannot afford stoppages of massive effect on the economy when we
' re in the terrible competition we ' re in with the Soviets.


date = 2012-10-03
user = OBAMA
Governor Romney said this has to be done on a bipartisan basis. This was a
bipartisan idea. In fact, it was a Republican idea. And Governor Romney at the
beginning of this debate wrote and said what we did in Massachusetts could be a
model for the nation. And I agree that the Democratic legislators in
Massachusetts might have given some advice to Republicans in Congress about how
to cooperate, but the fact of the matter is, we used the same advisers, and
they say it ' s the same plan. It — when Governor Romney talks about this
board, for example, unelected board that we ' ve created, what this is, is a
group of health care experts, doctors , et cetera, to figure out, how can
we reduce the cost of care in the system overall? Because there — there are
two ways of dealing with our health care crisis. One is to simply leave a whole
bunch of people uninsured and let them fend for themselves, to let businesses
figure out how long they can continue to pay premiums until finally they just
give up, and their workers are no longer getting insured, and that ' s been the
trend line. Or, alternatively, we can figure out, how do we make the cost of
care more effective? And there are ways of doing it. So at Cleveland Clinic,
one of the best health care systems in the world, they actually provide great
care cheaper than average. And the reason they do is because they do some smart
things. They — they say, if a patient ' s coming in, let ' s get all the
doctors together at once, do one test instead of having the patient run
around with 10 tests. Let ' s make sure that we ' re providing preventive care
so we ' re catching the onset of something like diabetes. Let ' s — let ' s
pay providers on the basis of performance as opposed to on the basis of how
many procedures they ' ve — they ' ve engaged in. Now, so what this board
does is basically identifies best practices and says, let ' s use the
purchasing power of Medicare and Medicaid to help to institutionalize all these
good things that we do. And the fact of the matter is that, when Obamacare is
fully implemented, we ' re going to be in a position to show that costs are
going down. And over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up —
it ' s true — but they ' ve gone up slower than any time in the last 50
years. So we ' re already beginning to see progress. In the meantime, folks out
there with insurance, you ' re already getting a rebate. Let me make one last
point. Governor Romney says, we should replace it, I ' m just going to repeal
it, but — but we can replace it with something. But the problem is, he hasn '
t described what exactly we ' d replace it with, other than saying we ' re
going to leave it to the states. But the fact of the matter is that some of the
prescriptions that he ' s offered, like letting you buy insurance across
state lines, there ' s no indication that that somehow is going to help
somebody who ' s got a pre-existing condition be able to finally buy
insurance. In fact, it ' s estimated that by repealing Obamacare, you ' re
looking at 50 million people losing health insurance …


date = 2008-10-07
user = MCCAIN
Well, let me just follow up, my friends. If we had done what Senator Obama
wanted done in Iraq, and that was set a date for withdrawal, which General
Petraeus, our chief — chairman of our Joint Chiefs of Staff said would be
a very dangerous course to take for America, then we would have had a wider
war, we would have been back, Iranian influence would have increased, al
Qaeda would have re- established a base. There was a lot at stake there, my
friends. And I can tell you right now that Senator Obama would have brought our
troops home in defeat. I ' ll bring them home with victory and with
honor and that is a fundamental difference. The United States of America,
Tom, is the greatest force for good, as I said. And we must do whatever we can
to prevent genocide, whatever we can to prevent these terrible calamities that
we have said never again. But it also has to be tempered with our ability to
beneficially affect the situation . That requires a cool hand at the
tiller. This requires a person who understands what our — the limits of our
capability are. We went in to Somalia as a peacemaking organization, we ended
up trying to be — excuse me, as a peacekeeping organization, we ended up
trying to be peacemakers and we ended up having to withdraw in humiliation. In
Lebanon, I stood up to President Reagan, my hero, and said, if we send Marines
in there, how can we possibly beneficially affect this situation ? And said
we shouldn ' t. Unfortunately, almost 300 brave young Marines were killed. So
you have to temper your decisions with the ability to beneficially affect the
situation and realize you ' re sending America ' s most precious asset,
American blood, into harm ' s way. And, again, I know those situations . I
' ve been in them all my life. And I can tell you right now the security of
your young men and women who are serving in the military are my first priority
right after our nation ' s security. And I may have to make those tough
decisions. But I won ' t take them lightly. And I understand that we have to
say never again to a Holocaust and never again to Rwanda. But we had also
better be darn sure we don ' t leave and make the situation worse, thereby
exacerbating our reputation and our ability to address crises in other parts of
the world.


date = 2004-10-05
user = CHENEY
Well, Gwen, the 90 percent figure is just dead wrong . When you include the
Iraqi security forces that have suffered casualties, as well as the allies,
they ' ve taken almost 50 percent of the casualties in operations in Iraq,
which leaves the U. S. with 50 percent, not 90 percent. With respect to the
cost, it wasn ' t $200 billion. You probably weren ' t there to vote for that.
But $120 billion is, in fact, what has been allocated to Iraq. The rest of it '
s for Afghanistan and the global war on terror. The allies have stepped forward
and agreed to reduce and forgive Iraqi debt to the tune of nearly $80 billion
by one estimate. That, plus $14 billion they promised in terms of direct aid,
puts the overall allied contribution financially at about $95 billion, not to
the $120 billion we ' ve got, but, you know, better than 40 percent. So your
facts are just wrong , Senator. You also have a situation where you
talk about credibility. It ' s awfully hard to convey a sense of credibility to
allies when you voted for the war and then you declared: Wrong war,
wrong place, wrong time. You voted for the war, and then you voted
against supporting the troops when they needed the equipment, the fuel, the
spare parts and the ammunition and the body armor. You ' re not credible on
Iraq because of the enormous inconsistencies that John Kerry and you have cited
time after time after time during the course of the campaign. Whatever the
political pressures of the moment requires, that ' s where you ' re at. But you
' ve not been consistent, and there ' s no indication at all that John Kerry
has the conviction to successfully carry through on the war on terror.


date = 2004-09-30
user = BUSH
Thank you, sir. First of all, what my opponent wants you to forget is that he
voted to authorize the use of force and now says it ' s the wrong war at
the wrong time at the wrong place. I don ' t see how you can lead this
country to succeed in Iraq if you say wrong war, wrong time, wrong
place. What message does that send our troops ? What message does that send
to our allies? What message does that send the Iraqis? No, the way to win this
is to be steadfast and resolved and to follow through on the plan that I ' ve
just outlined.


date = 1996-10-16
user = CLINTON
Well, one of the things that I tried to do was to make sure that everybody in
the country who was under a managed care plan should at least have three
choices of plans, and would have the right to get out without penalty every
year. Now that ' s not a government takeover. That ' s like the family of
medical-leave law; it just tries to set the rules of the game. I ' m strongly
in favor of a federal bill to repeal any gag rules on providers. In other
words, I believe that doctors should not be able to be kicked out of
managed care plans just because they tell the patients what they need and
what more expensive care options might be. If we ' re saving money and managing
resources better, that ' s a good thing. If we ' re saving money and depriving
people of care, that ' s a bad thing. A good place to start is to say no
managed care provider can gag a doctor and kick the doctor out of the
managed care plan for the doctor , telling the patient , you need a
more expensive test, you need a more expensive procedure, your health requires


date = 2020-10-22
user = TRUMP
First of all, I ' ve already done something that nobody thought was possible.
Through the legislature, I terminated the individual mandate. That is the worst
part of Obamacare, as we call it. The individual mandate – where you have to
pay a fortune for the privilege of not having to pay for bad health insurance.
I terminated it; it ' s gone. Now it ' s in court, because Obamacare is no
good. But then I made a decision, ' Run it as well as you can ' — to my
people, great people — ' Run it as well as you can. ' I could have gone the
other route and made everybody very unhappy. They ran it. Premiums are down,
everything ' s down. Here ' s the problem. No matter how well you run it, it '
s no good. What we ' d like to do is terminate it. We have the individual
mandate done. I don ' t know that it ' s going to work. If we don ' t win, we
will have to run it and we ' ll have Obamacare, but it will be better run. But
it no longer is Obamacare. Because without the individual mandate, it ' s much
different. Pre-existing conditions will always stay. What I would like to
do is a much better health care, much better. We ' ll always protect people
with pre-existing — so I ' d like to terminate Obamacare, come up with a
brand new beautiful health care. The Democrats will do it because there ' ll be
tremendous pressure on them. And we might even have the House by that time. And
I think we ' re going to win the House, okay? You ' ll see, but I think we ' re
gonna win the House. But come up with a better health care, always protecting
people with pre-existing conditions — and one thing very important. We
have 180 million people out there that have great private health care, far more
than we ' re talking about with Obamacare. Joe Biden is going to terminate all
of those policies. These are people that love their health care, people that
have been successful — middle income people — been successful. They have
180 million plans, 180 million people, families under what he wants to do,
which will basically be socialized medicine. He won ' t even have a choice.
They want to terminate 180 million plans. We have done an incredible job on
health care. And we ' re going to do even better.


date = 2012-10-03
user = OBAMA
Let me just point out first of all this board that we ' re talking about can '
t make decisions about what treatments are given. That ' s explicitly
prohibited in the law. But let ' s go back to what Governor Romney indicated,
that under his plan, he would be able to cover people with preexisting
conditions . Well, actually Governor, that isn ' t what your plan does.
What your plan does is to duplicate what ' s already the law, which says if you
are out of health insurance for three months, then you can end up getting
continuous coverage and an insurance company can ' t deny you if you ' ve —
if it ' s been under 90 days. But that ' s already the law and that doesn ' t
help the millions of people out there with preexisting conditions . There '
s a reason why Governor Romney set up the plan that he did in Massachusetts. It
wasn ' t a government takeover of health care. It was the largest expansion of
private insurance. But what it does say is that " insurers, you ' ve got to
take everybody. " Now, that also means that you ' ve got more customers. But
when — when Governor Romney says that he ' ll replace it with something, but
can ' t detail how it will be in fact replaced and the reason he set up the
system he did in Massachusetts was because there isn ' t a better way of
dealing with the preexisting conditions problem. It just reminds me of, you
know, he says that he ' s going to close deductions and loopholes for his tax
plan. That ' s how it ' s going to be paid for, but we don ' t know the
details. He says that he ' s going to replace Dodd-Frank, Wall Street reform,
but we don ' t know exactly which ones. He won ' t tell us. He now says he ' s
going to replace Obamacare and ensure that all the good things that are in it
are going to be in there and you don ' t have to worry. And at some point, I
think the American people have to ask themselves, is the reason that Governor
Romney is keeping all these plans to replace secret because they ' re too good?
Is it — is it because that somehow middle-class families are going to benefit
too much from them? No. The reason is, is because, when we reform Wall Street,
when we tackle the problem of pre-existing conditions , then, you know,
these are tough problems and we ' ve got to make choices. And the choices we '
ve made have been ones that ultimately are benefiting middle-class families all
across the country.


date = 1992-10-11
user = CLINTON
You even brought some right-wing congressman into the White House to plot how
to attack me for going to Russia in 1969-70 , when over 50 , 000 other
Americans did. Now, I honor your service in World War II, I honor Mr.
Perot ' s service in uniform and the service of every man and woman who ever
served, including Admiral Crowe, who was your Chairman of the joint Chiefs and
who ' s supporting me. But when Joe McCarthy went around this country attacking
people ' s patriotism he was wrong . He was wrong . And a senator from
Connecticut stood up to him named Prescott Bush. Your father was right to stand
up to Joe McCarthy, you were wrong to attack my patriotism. I was opposed
to the war but I loved my country and we need a president who will bring this
country together, not divide it. We ' ve had enough division. I want to lead a
unified country.


date = 1960-10-07
user = MR._NIXON
I think Kenne- Senator Kennedy is wrong on three counts. First of all, he '
s wrong in thinking th- er- even suggesting that Mr. Khrushchev might have
continued the conference if we had expressed regrets. He knew these flights
were going on long before and that wasn ' t the reason that he broke up the
conference. Second, he ' s wrong in the analogies that he makes. The United
States is a strong country. Whenever we do anything that ' s wrong , we can
express regrets. But when the president of the United States is doing something
that ' s right, something that is for the purpose of defending the security
of this country against surprise attack, he can never express regrets or
apologize to anybody, including Mr. Khrushchev. Now in that connection Senator
Kennedy has criticized the President on the ground not only of not expressing
regrets, but because he allowed this flight to take place while the summit
conference – or immediately before the summit conference occurred. This seems
to me is criticism that again is wrong on his part. We all remember Pearl
Harbor. We lost three thousand American lives. We cannot afford an intelligence
gap. And I just want to make my position absolutely clear with regard to
getting intelligence information. I don ' t intend to see to it that the United
States is ever in a position where, while we ' re negotiating with the Soviet
Union, that we discontinue our intelligence effort. And I don ' t intend ever
to express regrets to Mr. Khrushchev or anybody else if I ' m doing something
that has the support of the Congress and that is right for the purpose of
protecting the security of the United States.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well, I always have difficulty recognizing my positions when they ' re stated
by the Vice President. I never suggested that compulsory arbitration was the
solution for national emergency disputes. I ' m opposed to that, was
opposed to it in October, 1958 . I have suggested that the president should be
given other weapons to protect the national interest in case of national
emergency strikes beyond the injunction provision of the Taft-Hartley
Act. I don ' t know what other weapons the Vice President is talking about. I '
m talking about giving him four or five tools – not only the fact-finding
committee that he now has under the injunction provision, not only the
injunction, but also the power of the fact-finding commission to make
recommendations – recommendations which would not be binding, but
nevertheless would have great force of public opinion behind them. One of the
additional powers that I would suggest would be seizure. There might be others.
By the president having five powers – four or five powers – and he only has
very limited powers today, neither the company nor the union would be sure
which power would be used; and therefore, there would be a greater incentive on
both sides to reach an agreement themselves without taking it to the
government. The difficulty now is the president ' s course is quite limited. He
can set up a fact-finding committee. The fact-finding committee ' s powers are
limited. He can provide an injunction if there ' s a national emergency for
eighty days, then the strike can go on; and there are no other powers or
actions that the president could take unless he went to the Congress. This is a
difficult and sensitive matter. But to state my view precisely, the
president should have a variety of things he could do. He could leave the
parties in doubt as to which one he would use; and therefore there would be
incentive, instead of as now – the steel companies were ready to take the
strike because they felt the injunction of eighty days would break the
union, which didn ' t happen.
