

date = 1976-09-23
user = MR._FORD
That tax bill does not entirely meet the criteria that I established. I think
the Congress should have uh – added another $10 billion reduction in personal
income taxes, including the increase of personal exemptions from seven hundred
and fifty to a thousand dollars. And Congress could have done that if the
budget committees of the Congress, and the Congress as a whole, had not
increased the spending that I recommended in the budget. I ' m sure that
you know that in the resolutions passed by the Congress, that have added
about $17 billion in more spending, by the Congress over the budget that I
recommended . So I would prefer in that tax bill to have an additional tax
cut and a further limitation on federal spending. Now this tax bill – that
hasn ' t reached the White House yet, but is expected in a day or two – it '
s about fifteen hundred pages. It has some good provisions in it. It has
– uh left out some that I have recommended , unfortunately. On the other
hand, uh when you have a bill of that magnitude, with – tho- those many
provisions , a president has to sit and decide if there ' s more good than
bad. And from the a- analysis that I ' ve made so far, it seems to me that that
tax bill does uh – justify my signature and my approval.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well, I always have difficulty recognizing my positions when they ' re stated
by the Vice President. I never suggested that compulsory arbitration was the
solution for national emergency disputes. I ' m opposed to that, was opposed to
it in October, 1958 . I have suggested that the president should be given other
weapons to protect the national interest in case of national emergency strikes
beyond the injunction provision of the Taft-Hartley Act. I don ' t know
what other weapons the Vice President is talking about. I ' m talking about
giving him four or five tools – not only the fact-finding committee that
he now has under the injunction provision , not only the injunction, but
also the power of the fact-finding commission to make recommendations –
recommendations which would not be binding, but nevertheless would have great
force of public opinion behind them. One of the additional powers that I would
suggest would be seizure. There might be others. By the president having five
powers – four or five powers – and he only has very limited powers today,
neither the company nor the union would be sure which power would be used;
and therefore, there would be a greater incentive on both sides to reach an
agreement themselves without taking it to the government. The difficulty now is
the president ' s course is quite limited. He can set up a fact-finding
committee . The fact-finding committee ' s powers are limited. He can
provide an injunction if there ' s a national emergency for eighty days, then
the strike can go on; and there are no other powers or actions that the
president could take unless he went to the Congress. This is a difficult and
sensitive matter. But to state my view precisely, the president should have a
variety of things he could do. He could leave the parties in doubt as to
which one he would use; and therefore there would be incentive, instead of as
now – the steel companies were ready to take the strike because they felt
the injunction of eighty days would break the union, which didn ' t happen.


date = 2008-10-02
user = PALIN
People aren ' t looking for more of the same. They are looking for change. And
John McCain has been the consummate maverick in the Senate over all these
years. He ' s taken shots left and right from the other party and from
within his own party , because he ' s had to take on his own party when
the time was right, when he recognized it was time to put partisanship aside
and just do what was right for the American people. That ' s what I ' ve done
as governor, also, take on my own party , when I had to, and work with both
sides of the aisle, in my cabinet, appointing those who would serve regardless
of party , Democrats, independents, Republicans, whatever it took to get
the job done. Also, John McCain ' s maverick position that he ' s in, that ' s
really prompt up to and indicated by the supporters that he has. Look at
Lieberman, and Giuliani, and Romney, and Lingle, and all of us who come from
such a diverse background of — of policy and of partisanship, all coming
together at this time, recognizing he is the man that we need to leave — lead
in these next four years, because these are tumultuous times. We have got to
win the wars. We have got to get our economy back on track. We have got to not
allow the greed and corruption on Wall Street anymore. And we have not got to
allow the partisanship that has really been entrenched in Washington, D. C. ,
no matter who ' s been in charge. When the Republicans were in charge, I didn '
t see a lot of progress there, either. When the Democrats, either, though, this
last go- around for the last two years. Change is coming. And John McCain is
the leader of that reform.


date = 1960-10-07
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well, let me say I do think that parties are important in that they tell
something about the program and something about the man. Abraham Lincoln was a
great president of all the people; but he was selected by his party at a
key time in history because his party stood for something. The Democratic
party in this century has stood for something. It has stood for progress;
it has stood for concern for the people ' s welfare. It has stood for a strong
foreign policy and a strong national defense, and as a result, produced Wilson,
President Roosevelt, and President Truman. The Republican party has
produced McKinley and Harding, Coolidge, Dewey, and Landon. They do stand for
something. They stand for a whole different approach to the problems facing
this country at home and abroad. That ' s the importance of party ; only if
it tells something about the record. And the Republicans in recent years –
not only in the last twenty-five years, but in the last eight years – have
opposed housing, opposed care for the aged, opposed federal aid to
education, opposed minimum wage and I think that record tells something.


date = 1960-10-13
user = MR._NIXON
Yes. As a matter of fact, the statement that Senator Kennedy made was that –
to the effect that there were trigger-happy Republicans, that my stand on
Quemoy and Matsu was an indication of trigger-happy Republicans. I resent that
comment. I resent it because th- it ' s an implication that Republicans have
been trigger-happy and, therefore, would lead this nation into war. I would
remind Senator Kennedy of the past fifty years. I would ask him to name one
Republican president who led this nation into war. There were three Democratic
presidents who led us into war. I do not mean by that that one party is a
war party and the other party is a peace party . But I do say that
any statement to the effect that the Republican party is trigger-happy is
belied by the record. We had a war when we came into power in 1953 . We got rid
of that; we ' ve kept out of other wars; and certainly that doesn ' t indicate
that we ' re trigger-happy. We ' ve been strong, but we haven ' t been
trigger-happy. As far as Berlin is concerned, there isn ' t any question about
the necessity of defending Berlin; the rights of people there to be free; and
there isn ' t any question about what the united American people –
Republicans and Democrats alike – would do in the event there were an attempt
by the Communists to take over Berlin.


date = 2004-10-05
user = CHENEY
Gwen, I want to thank you, and I want to thank the folks here at Case Western
Reserve for hosting this tonight. It ' s a very important event, and they ' ve
done a superb job of putting it together. It ' s important to look at all of
our developments in Iraq within the broader context of the global war on
terror. And, after 9 / 11 , it became clear that we had to do several things to
have a successful strategy to win the global war on terror, specifically that
we had to go after the terrorists wherever we might find them, that we also had
to go after state sponsors of terror, those who might provide sanctuary or
safe harbor for terror. And we also then finally had to stand up democracies in
their stead afterwards, because that was the only way to guarantee that these
states would not again become safe harbors for terror or for the development of
deadly weapons. Concern about Iraq specifically focused on the fact that Saddam
Hussein had been, for years, listed on the state sponsor of terror, that
they he had established relationships with Abu Nidal, who operated out of
Baghdad; he paid $25 , 000 to the families of suicide bombers; and he had an
established relationship with Al Qaida. Specifically, look at George Tenet, the
CIA director ' s testimony before the Committee on Foreign Relations two years
ago when he talked about a 10-year relationship. The effort that we ' ve
mounted with respect to Iraq focused specifically on the possibility that this
was the most likely nexus between the terrorists and weapons of mass
destruction. The biggest threat we faced today is the possibility of terrorists
smuggling a nuclear weapon or a biological agent into one of our own cities and
threatening the lives of hundreds of thousands of Americans. What we did in
Iraq was exactly the right thing to do. If I had it to recommend all over
again, I would recommend exactly the same course of action. The world is
far safer today because Saddam Hussein is in jail, his government is no longer
in power. And we did exactly the right thing.


date = 1992-10-19
user = BUSH
Governor Clinton has to operate under a balanced budget amendment — he has to
do it, that is the law. I ' d like to see a balanced budget amendment for
America, to protect the American taxpayers, and then that would discipline not
only the executive branch but the spending Congress, the Congress that ' s been
in control of one party , his party , for 38 years. And we almost had
it done. And that institution, the House of Representatives — everyone is
yelling " Clean House! " One of the reasons is we almost had it done, and the
speaker — a very, able, decent fellow, I might add — but he twisted the
arms of some of the sponsors of that legislation and had them change their
vote. What ' s relevant here is that tool, that discipline, that he has to live
by in Arkansas, and I ' d like it for the American people. I want the line-item
veto . I want a check-off, so if the Congress can ' t do it, let people
check off their income tax, 10 % of it, to compel the government to cut
spending. And if they can ' t do it, if the Congress can ' t do it, let them
then have to do it across the board. That ' s what we call a sequester. That '
s the discipline we need, and I ' m working for that — to protect the
American taxpayer against the big spenders.


date = 1988-10-05
user = QUAYLE
He disbanded the club, but he ' s still got the money. He is the number one –
he is the number one receiver of political action committee money. Now,
Senator Bentsen has talked about reform. Well, let me tell you about the reform
that we ' re pushing. Let ' s eliminate political action committees , the
special interest money. There ' s legislation before the Congress to do that.
That way, we won ' t have to worry about breakfast clubs, or who ' s the number
one PAC raiser. We can go back and get the contributions from the working men
and women and the individuals of America. We can also strengthen our two
party system – and it needs strengthening – and rely more on the
political parties than we have in the past. That ' s the kind of campaign
reform that I ' m for, and I hope the Senator will join me.


date = 1976-09-23
user = MR._FORD
At the time, Mr. Gannon, that I made the recommendation for a $28 billion tax
cut – three-quarters of it to go to individual taxpayers and 25 percent to
American business. I said at the time that we had to hold the lid an federal
spending, that for every dollar of a tax reduction we had to have an equal
reduction in federal expenditures – a one-for-one proposition. And I
recommended that to the Congress with a budget ceiling of three hundred and
ninety-five billion dollars, and that would have permitted us to have a $25
billion tax reduction. In my tax reduction program for middle-income taxpayers,
I recommended that the Congress increase personal exemptions from seven
hundred and fifty dollars per person to one thousand dollars per person. That
would mean, of course, that for a family of four that that family would have a
thousand dollars more personal exemption – money that they could spend for
their own purposes, money that the government wouldn ' t have to spend. But if
we keep the lid on federal spending, which I think we can – with the help of
the Congress, we can justify fully a $28 billion tax reduction. In the budget
that I submitted to the Congress in January this year, I re- recommended a
50 percent cutback in the rate of growth of federal spending. For the last ten
years the budget of the United States has grown from uh – about 11 percent
per year. We can ' t afford that kind of growth in federal spending. And in the
budget that I recommended we cut it in half – a growth rate of 5 to 5 and
one-half percent. With that kind of limitation, on federal spending, we can
fully justify the tax reductions that I have proposed. And it seems to me with
the stimulant of more money in the hands of the taxpayers, and with more money
in the hands of business to expand, to modernize, to provide more jobs, our
economy stimulated so that we ' ll get more revenue and we ' ll have a more
prosperous economy.


date = 1976-10-22
user = MR._FORD
Well, Mr. uh – Nelson, uh – I testified before two committees , House
and Senate, on precisely the questions that you have asked. And the testimony
under oath was to the effect that I did not talk to Mr. Nixon, to Mr. Haldeman,
to Mr. Ehrlichman, or to any of the people at the White House. I said I had no
recollection whatsoever of talking with any of the White House legislative
liaison people. I indicated under oath that the initiative that I took was at
the request of the ranking members of the House Banking and Currency
Committee on the Republican side, which was a legitimate request and a
proper response by me. Now that was gone into by two congressional
committees , and following that investigation, both committees
overwhelmingly approved me, and the House and the Senate did likewise. Now, in
the meantime, the special prosecutor, within the last few days, after an
investigation himself, said there was no reason for him to get involved because
he found nothing that would justify it. And then just a day or two ago, the
attorney general of the United States made a further investigation and came to
precisely the same conclusion. Now, after all of those investigations by
objective, responsible people, I think the matter is closed once and for all.
But to add one other feature, I don ' t control any of the tapes. Those tapes
are in the jurisdiction of the courts and I have no right to say " yes " or "
no. " But all the committees , the attorney general, the special
prosecutor, all of them have given me a clean bill of health. I think the
matter is settled once and for all.


date = 1960-09-26
user = MR._KENNEDY
Well, the Vice President and I came to the Congress together 1946 ; we both
served in the Labor Committee. I ' ve been there now for fourteen years, the
same period of time that he has, so that our experience in uh – government is
comparable. Secondly, I think the question is uh – what are the programs that
we advocate, what is the party record that we lead? I come out of the
Democratic party , which in this century has produced Woodrow Wilson and
Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman, and which supported and sustained these
programs which I ' ve discussed tonight. Mr. Nixon comes out of the Republican
party . He was nominated by it. And it is a fact that through most of these
last twenty-five years the Republican leadership has opposed federal aid
for education, medical care for the aged, development of the Tennessee Valley,
development of our natural resources. I think Mr. Nixon is an effective leader
of his party . I hope he would grant me the same. The question before us
is: which point of view and which party do we want to lead the United


date = 2020-10-07
user = PENCE
As I said, Susan, the climate is changing. We ' ll follow the science, but,
once again, Senator Harris is denying the fact that they ' re gonna raise taxes
on every American. Joe Biden said twice in the debate last week that on day one
he was going to repeal the Trump tax cuts. Those tax cuts delivered $2 , 000 in
tax relief to the average family of four across America. And with regard to
banning fracking, I just recommend that people look at the record. You
yourself said repeatedly that you would ban fracking. You were the first senate
co-sponsor of the Green New Deal. And while Joe Biden denied the Green New
Deal, Susan, thank you for pointing out, the Green New Deal is on their
campaign website. And as USA TODAY said, it ' s essentially the same plan as
you co-sponsored with AOC when she submitted it in the Senate. And you just
heard the senator say that she ' s going to resubmit America to the Paris
Climate Accord. Look, the American people have always cherished our
environment. We will continue to cherish it. We ' ve made great progress
reducing CO2 emissions through American innovation and the development of
natural gas through fracking. We don ' t need a massive, $2 trillion Green New
Deal that would impose all new mandates on American businesses and American
families, Joe Biden wants us to retrofit 4 million –


date = 2016-10-09
user = TRUMP
Well, one thing I ' d do is get rid of carried interest. One of the greatest
provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when
I run, because I knock out the tax code. And she could have done this years
ago, by the way. She ' s a United States—she was a United States senator. She
complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn ' t
she change it? Why didn ' t you change it when you were a senator? The reason
you didn ' t is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And I
do. You have provisions in the tax code that, frankly, we could change. But
you wouldn ' t change it, because all of these people give you the money so you
can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But—and I say that about a lot of
things. You know, I ' ve heard Hillary complaining about so many different
things over the years. " I wish you would have done this. " But she ' s been
there for 30 years she ' s been doing this stuff. She never changed. And she
never will change. She never will change. We ' re getting rid of carried
interest provisions . I ' m lowering taxes actually, because I think it ' s
so important for corporations, because we have corporations leaving—massive
corporations and little ones, little ones can ' t form. We ' re getting rid of
regulations which goes hand in hand with the lowering of the taxes. But we ' re
bringing the tax rate down from 35 percent to 15 percent. We ' re cutting taxes
for the middle class. And I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for
the middle class. And I will tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes,
folks. You can look at me. She ' s raising your taxes really high. And what
that ' s going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising your
taxes and I ' m lowering your taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are
going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There ' s no
growth. If China has a GDP of 7 percent, it ' s like a national catastrophe. We
' re down at 1 percent. And that ' s, like, no growth. And we ' re going lower,
in my opinion. And a lot of it has to do with the fact that our taxes are so
high, just about the highest in the world. And I ' m bringing them down to one
of the lower in the world. And I think it ' s so important—one of the most
important things we can do. But she is raising everybody ' s taxes massively.


date = 2016-10-09
user = TRUMP
A lot of my—excuse me, Anderson—a lot of my write- off was depreciation and
other things that Hillary as a senator allowed. And she ' ll always allow it,
because the people that give her all this money, they want it. That ' s why.
See, I understand the tax code better than anybody that ' s ever run for
president. Hillary Clinton—and it ' s extremely complex—Hillary Clinton has
friends that want all of these provisions , including they want the carried
interest provision , which is very important to Wall Street people. But
they really want the carried interest provision , which I believe Hillary '
s leaving. Very interesting why she ' s leaving carried interest. But I will
tell you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used
it. And so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the
other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won ' t mention their
names, because they ' re rich, but they ' re not famous. So we won ' t make
them famous.


date = 2012-10-22
user = ROMNEY
Well, let ' s step back and talk about what ' s happening in Syria and how
important it is. First of all, 30 , 000 people being killed by their government
is a humanitarian disaster. Secondly, Syria is an opportunity for us because
Syria plays an important role in the Middle East, particularly right now. Syria
is Iran ' s only ally in the Arab world. It ' s their route to the sea. It ' s
the route for them to arm Hezbollah in Lebanon, which threatens, of course, our
ally, Israel. And so seeing Syria remove Assad is a very high priority for us.
Number two, seeing a — a replacement government being responsible people is
critical for us. And finally, we don ' t want to have military involvement
there. We don ' t want to get drawn into a military conflict. And so the right
course for us, is working through our partners and with our own resources, to
identify responsible parties within Syria, organize them, bring them
together in a — in a form of — if not government, a form of — of — of
council that can take the lead in Syria. And then make sure they have the arms
necessary to defend themselves. We do need to make sure that they don ' t have
arms that get into the — the wrong hands. Those arms could be used to hurt us
down the road. We need to make sure as well that we coordinate this effort with
our allies, and particularly with — with Israel. But the Saudi ' s and the
Qatari, and — and the Turks are all very concerned about this. They ' re
willing to work with us. We need to have a very effective leadership effort in
Syria, making sure that the — the insurgent there are armed and that the
insurgents that become armed, are people who will be the responsible
parties . Recognize — I believe that Assad must go. I believe he will go.
But I believe — we want to make sure that we have the relationships of
friendship with the people that take his place, steps that in the years to come
we see Syria as a — as a friend, and Syria as a responsible party in the
Middle East. This — this is a critical opportunity for America. And what I '
m afraid of is we ' ve watched over the past year or so, first the president
saying, well we ' ll let the U. N. deal with it. And Assad — excuse me, Kofi
Annan came in and said we ' re going to try to have a ceasefire. That didn ' t
work. Then it went to the Russians and said, let ' s see if you can do
something. We should be playing the leadership role there, not on the ground
with military.


date = 2000-10-05
user = LIEBERMAN
It would, of course, be a very serious situation if we had evidence, credible
evidence, that Saddam Hussein was developing weapons of mass destruction. I
must say, I don ' t think a political campaign is the occasion to declare
exactly what we would do in that case. I think that ' s a matter of such
critical national security importance that it ought to be left to the Commander
in Chief, leaders of the military, Secretary of State to make that kind of
decision without the heat of a political campaign. The fact is that we will not
enjoy real stability in the Middle East until Saddam Hussein is gone. The Gulf
War was a great victory. And incidentally, Al Gore and I were two of the ten
Democrats in the Senate who crossed party lines to support President Bush
and Secretary Cheney in that war. We ' re both very proud we did that. But, the
war did not end with a total victory. Saddam Hussein remained there. As a
result, we have had almost ten years now of instability. We have continued to
operate almost all of this time military action to enforce a no-fly zone .
We have been struggling with Saddam about the inspectors. We ought to do, and
we ' re doing everything we can to get the inspectors back in there. But in the
end there ' s not going to be peace until he goes. And that ' s why I was proud
to co-sponsor the Iraq Liberation Act with Senator Trent Lott why I have kept
in touch with the indigenous Iraqi opposition, broad based, to Saddam Hussein.
The Vice President met with them earlier this year. We are supporting them in
their efforts and will continue to support them until the Iraqi people rise up
and do what the people of Serbia have done in the last few days, get rid of a
despot. We ' ll welcome you back into the family of nations where you belong.


date = 1996-10-06
user = CLINTON
Mr. Lehrer, I hope we ' ll have a chance to discuss drugs later in the program.
But let me respond to what you said. I agree that too many incumbent
politicians in Washington in both parties have consistently opposed
campaign finance reform. That was certainly the case from the minute I got
there. So after Speaker Gingrich and Senator Dole took over the Congress, I
went to New Hampshire and a man suggested — a gentleman that unfortunately
just passed away a couple of days ago, suggested that we appoint a commission.
And I shook hands with him on it and I appointed my members, and the commission
never met. And then Senator Dole ' s ardent supporters, Senator McCain, who ' s
out there today, along with Senator Feingold, supported, sponsored a
campaign finance reform proposal. I strongly supported it. And members of
Senator Dole ' s own party in the Senate killed it. And he was not out
there urging them to vote for the McCain-Feingold bill. So I think the American
people, including the Perot supporters, know that I have had a consistent
record in favor of campaign finance reform, and I will continue to have. And I
hope we can finally get it in the next session of Congress, because we need it


date = 1996-10-06
user = DOLE
Well, many of the provisions in the Kassebaum bill were provisions that
— my provisions , like deductions for long-term care, making certain that
self-employed people that are watching tonight can deduct not 30 percent but 80
percent of you pay for premiums. You can also deduct long-term care now, so it
' s a good it ' s a good start. I think there ' s enough — we ' re even
looking at our tax cut proposal, our economic package. There may be a way of
reaching out to the uninsured, because there are a lot of uninsured people in
the country, particularly children, that should be covered. Another way you can
do is to expand Medicaid. In America no one will go without healthcare, no one
will go without food.


date = 1996-10-09
user = GORE
Remember what I said just a moment ago. If it were not so, he would have told
you. The problems between races in America must be addressed. The good news is
we ' re making progress. We ' ve seen 10 . 5 million new jobs created in the
last four years. We ' ve seen the unemployment rate come down dramatically. We
' ve seen the African-American unemployment rate go below double digits for the
first time in 25 years and it stayed below for 25 months in a row. We have
empowerment zones and enterprise communities, 105 of them in communities
all across the United States of America. Let me tell you a story about Joann
Crowder in Detroit. She was on welfare for eight years until the empowerment
zone was created there. She just got a job in the new business that —
that launched its enterprise right in that empowerment zone . We want to do
that for millions more all across the country.


date = 1996-10-09
user = GORE
Well, we have 105 empowerment zones and enterprise communities all across
the United States of America, and with all due respect, that ' s 105 more than
were there when we came into the White House. We have been implementing them in
a determined way. They are making a difference. You know, that empowerment
zone that I mentioned in Detroit is creating jobs not only for Joann
Crowder, who feels proud that she ' s off of welfare now, and we ' re proud of
her. It ' s creating jobs for hundreds of others, and similar initiatives are
working in the other empowerment zones .
