

date = 2000-10-17
user = GORE
We have huge difference between us on this question. I ' d like to start by
telling you what my vision is. I see a day in the United States of America
where all of our public schools are considered excellent, world
class . Where there are no failing schools , where the classrooms
are small enough in size, number of students , so that the teacher can
spend enough one-on-one time with each student . Now that means recruiting
new teachers for the public schools . It means in my plan hiring
bonuses to get 100 , 000 new teachers in the public schools within
the next four years. It means also helping local school districts
that sometimes find the parents of school age children outvoted on bond
issues, to give them some help with interest-free bonding authority so that we
can build new schools and modernize the classrooms . We need to give
teachers the training and professional development that they need,
including a paid time off to go visit the classroom of a master teacher
to pick up some new skills. I want to give every middle-class family a $10 ,
000 a year tax deduction for college tuition so that middle-class
families will always be able to send their kids on to college . I want
to work for universal free school because we know from all the studies that
the youngsters learn , kids learn more in the first few years of
life than any where else. Now, I said there was a contrast. Governor Bush is
for vouchers, and in his plan he proposes to drain more money, more taxpayer
money out of the public schools for private school vouchers than
all of the money that he proposes in his entire budget for public
schools themselves. And only one in 20 students would be eligible for
these vouchers, and they wouldn ' t even pay the full tuition to private
school . I think that ' s a mistake. I don ' t think we should give up on
the private schools and leave kids trapped in failing schools . I
think we — I think we should make it the number one priority to make our
schools the best in the world, all of them.


date = 2000-10-03
user = GORE
First of all, I do have mandatory testing . I think the governor may not
have heard what I said clearly. The voluntary national testing is in
addition to the mandatory testing that we require of states. All
schools , all school districts , students themselves, and
required teacher testing , which goes a step farther than Governor Bush
has been willing to go. Here are a couple of differences, though, Jim. Governor
Bush is in favor of vouchers which take taxpayer money away from public
schools and give them to private schools that are not accountable for
how the money is used and don ' t have to take all applicants. Now, private
schools play a great role in our society. All of our children have gone to
both public schools and private schools . But I don ' t think
private schools should have a right to take taxpayer money away from
public schools at a time when Caley Ellis is standing in that
classroom . Let me give you another example. I went to a school in Dade
County, Florida where the facilities are so overcrowded the children have to
eat lunch in shifts with the first shift for lunch starting at 9:30 in the
morning. Look, this is a funding crisis all around the country. There are fewer
parents of school-age children as a percentage of the voting population and
there is the largest generation of students ever. We ' re in an information
age when learning is more important than ever. 90 % of our kids go to
public schools . We have to make it the number one priority. Modernize
our schools , reduce class size, recruit new teachers , give every
child a chance to learn with one-on-one time in a quality — high-quality,
safe school . If it ' s a failing school , shut it down and reopen it
under a new principal with a turnaround team of specialists the way Governor
Jim Hunt does in North Carolina. Here is another difference. The governor, if
it ' s a failing school , would leave the children in that failing
school for three years and then give a little bit of money to the
parents , a down payment on a down payment for private school
tuition , and pretend that that would be enough for them to go out and go
to a private school . It ' s an illusion.


date = 2000-10-11
user = GORE
Jim, one of the issues that I would like to close with in my statement is
education , because it ' s an example of the overall approach that I think
is important. This race is about values, it ' s about change, it ' s about
giving choices to the American people. And education is my number one
priority, because I think that it ' s the most important big major change that
we can bring in our country. I agree with Governor Bush that we should have new
accountability , testing of students . I think that we should require
states to test all students , test schools and school districts
, and I think that we should go further and require teacher testing for
new teachers also. The difference is that while my plan starts with new
accountability and maintains local control, it doesn ' t stop there.
Because I want to give new choices to parents . To send their kids to
college with a $10 , 000 tax deduction for college tuition per
child per year. I want to reduce the size of the classrooms in this
country. For one basic reason, so that students can get more one-on-one
time with teachers . And the way to do that is first to recruit more
teachers . I ' ve a plan in my budget to recruit 100 , 000 new, highly
qualified teachers and to help local school districts build new
schools . I think that we have to put more emphasis on early learning and
pre-school. Now, here is how that connects with all the rest of what we ' ve
been talking about. If you have — if you squander the surplus on a huge tax
cut that goes mostly to those at the top, then you can ' t make education
the top priority. If the tax cut is your number one, two, three and four
priority, you can ' t do education . You can ' t do both. You have to
choose. I choose education and health care, the environment and retirement
security, and I ask for your support.


date = 2000-10-17
user = GORE
High school . I mentioned before that the local communities are
having a harder time passing bond issues. Traditionally, if you ' ve been
involved in a campaign like that, you know that the parents with kids
in school are the ones that turn out and vote. It ' s ironic that there are
now — there is now a smaller percentage of the voters made up of parents
with children than ever in American history because of the aging of our
population, but at the same time we ' ve got the largest generation of
students in public schools ever. More than 90 % of America ' s
children go to public schools . And it ' s the largest number ever this
year and they ' ll break the record next year and every year for ten years
running. We ' ve got to do something about this. And local — it ' s not
enough to leave it up to the local school districts . They ' re not
able to do it and our future depends upon it. Look, we ' re in an information
age. Our economic future depends upon whether or not our children are going to
get the kind of education that lets them go on to college . And again,
I want to make it possible for all middle-class families to send their kids
to college and more Pell grants for those who are in the lower income
groups also, and then I want to make sure that we have job training on top of
that and lifelong learning, but it all starts with the public school
teachers . My proposal gives $10 , 000 hiring bonuses for those
teachers who are — who get certified to teach in the areas where they '
re most needed. Now, accountability , we basically agree on
accountability . My plan requires testing of all students . It also
requires something that Governor Bush ' s plan doesn ' t. It requires
testing of all new teachers , including in the subjects that they
teach. We have to start treating teachers like the professionals that they
are, and give them the respect and the kind of quality of life that will
draw more people into teaching because we need a lot more teachers .


date = 2008-10-15
user = OBAMA
Well, we have a tradition of local control of the schools and that ' s
a tradition that has served us well. But I do think that it is important for
the federal government to step up and help local school districts
do some of the things they need to do. Now we tried to do this under President
Bush. He put forward No Child Left Behind. Unfortunately, they left the money
behind for No Child Left Behind. And local school districts end up
having more of a burden, a bunch of unfunded mandates, the same kind of thing
that happened with special education where we did the right thing by saying
every school should provide education to kids with special needs,
but we never followed through on the promise of funding, and that left
local school districts very cash-strapped. So what I want to do is
focus on early childhood education , providing teachers higher salaries
in exchange for more support. Senator McCain and I actually agree on two things
that he just mentioned. Charter schools , I doubled the number of charter
schools in Illinois despite some reservations from teachers unions. I
think it ' s important to foster competition inside the public schools
. And we also agree on the need for making sure that if we have bad
teachers that they are swiftly — after given an opportunity to prove
themselves, if they can ' t hack it, then we need to move on because our
kids have to have their best future. Where we disagree is on the idea that
we can somehow give out vouchers — give vouchers as a way of securing the
problems in our education system. And I also have to disagree on Senator
McCain ' s record when it comes to college accessibility and affordability.
Recently his key economic adviser was asked about why he didn ' t seem to have
some specific programs to help young people go to college and the response
was, well, you know, we can ' t give money to every interest group that comes
along. I don ' t think America ' s youth are interest groups, I think they ' re
our future. And this is an example of where we are going to have to prioritize.
We can ' t say we ' re going to do things and then not explain in concrete
terms how we ' re going to pay for it. And if we ' re going to do some of the
things you mentioned, like lowering loan rates or what have you, somebody has
got to pay for it. It ' s not going to happen on its own.


date = 2000-10-03
user = GORE
We agree on a couple of things on education . I strongly support new
accountability , so does Governor Bush. I strongly support local
control, so does Governor Bush. I ' m in favor of testing as a way of
measuring performance. Every school and every school district ,
have every state test the children. I ' ve also proposed a voluntary national
test in the fourth grade and eighth grade, and a form of testing the governor
has not endorsed. I think that all new teachers ought to be tested in the
subjects that they teach. We ' ve got to recruit 100 , 000 new teachers .
And I have budgeted for that. We ' ve got to reduce the class size so that
the student who walks in has more one-on-one time with the teacher . We
ought to have universal pre-school and we ought to make college tuition
tax deductible, up to $10 , 000 a year. I would like to tell you a quick story.
I got a letter today as I left Sarasota, Florida. I ' m here with a group of 13
people from around the country who helped me prepare. We had a great time. Two
days ago we ate lunch at a restaurant. The guy that served us lunch gave me a
letter today. His name is Randy Ellis. He has a 15-year-old daughter named
Caley, who is in Sarasota High School . Her science class was supposed
to be for 24 students . She ' s the 36th student in that classroom
. They sent me a picture of her in the classroom . They can ' t squeeze
another desk in for her, so she has to stand during class . I want the
federal government, consistent with local control and new
accountability , to make improvement of our schools the number one
priority so Caley will have a desk and can sit down in a classroom where
she can learn .


date = 1992-10-15
user = PEROT
Yes, I ' ve got scars to show for being around education reform. And the
first word you need to say in every city and state, and just draw a line in
the sand, is public schools exist for the benefit of the children. You
' re going to see a lot of people fall over it, because any time you ' re
spending $199 billion dollars a year, somebody ' s getting it. And the children
get lost in the process. So that ' s step one. Keep in mind in 1960 , when our
schools were the envy of the world, we were spending $16 billion on them;
now we spend more than any other nation in the world — 199 billion a year —
and rank at the bottom of the industrialized world in terms of education
achievement. One more time you ' ve bought a front-row box seat and got a
third-rate performance. This is a government that is not serving you. By and
large it should be local — the more local , the better. Interesting
phenomenon: small towns have good schools , big cities have terrible
schools . The best people in a small town will serve on the school
board; you get into big cities, it ' s political patronage, stepping stones —
you get the job, give your relatives a janitor ' s job at $57 , 000 a year,
more than the teachers make, and with luck they clean the cafeteria once a
week. Now, you ' re paying for that. Those schools belong to you. And we
put up with that. Now, as long as we put up with that, that ' s what you ' re
going to get. And these folks are just dividing up 199 billion bucks and the
children get lost. If I could wish for one thing for great public
schools , it would be a strong family unit in every home — nothing will
ever replace that. You say, well, gee, what are you going to do about that?
Well, the White House is a bully pulpit, and I think we ought to be pounding on
the table every day. There ' s nothing — the most efficient unit of
government the world will ever know is a strong loving family unit. Next thing.
You need small schools , not big schools . In a little school
everybody is somebody; individualism is very important. These big factories?
Everybody told me they were cost-effective. I did a study on it; they ' re
cost- ineffective. 5000 students — why is a high school that big? One
reason. Sooner or later you get 11 more boys that can run like the devil that
weigh 250 pounds and they might win district . Now, that has nothing to do
with learning . Secondly, across Texas, typically half of the school
day was non-academic pursuits — in one place it was 35 % . In Texas you could
have unlimited absences to go to livestock shows. Found a boy — excuse me,
but this gives the flavor — a boy in Houston kept a chicken in the bathtub in
downtown Houston and missed 65 days going to livestock shows. Finally had to
come back to school , the chicken lost its feathers. That ' s the only way
we got him back. ( Laughter ) Now, that ' s your tax money being wasted. Now,
neighborhood schools . It is terrible to bus tiny little children across
town. And it is particularly terrible to take poor tiny little children and
wait until the first grade and bus them across town to Mars, where the children
know their numbers, know their letters, have had every advantage. At the end of
the first day, that little child wants out. I ' ll close on this. You ' ve got
to have world class teachers , world class books. If you ever got
close to how textbooks were selected, you wouldn ' t want to go back the second
day. I don ' t have time to tell you the stories.


date = 1992-10-15
user = CLINTON
First of all, let me say that I ' ve spent more of my time and life on this in
the last 12 years than any other issue. Seventy percent of my state ' s money
goes to the public schools , and I was really honored when Time
magazine said that our schools have shown more improvement than any other
state in the country except one other — they named 2 states showing real
strides forward in the 80s. So I care a lot about this, and I ' ve spent
countless hours in schools . But let me start with what you said. I agree
with some of what Mr. Bush said, but it ' s nowhere near enough. We live in a
world where what you earn depends on what you can learn , where the average
18- year-old will change jobs 8 times in a lifetime and where none of us can
promise any of you that what you now do for a living is absolutely safe from
now on. Nobody running can promise that, there ' s too much change in the
world. So what should we do? Let me reel some things off real quick, because
you said you wanted specifics. Number one, under my program we would provide
matching funds to states to teach everybody with a job to read in the next 5
years and give everybody with a job the chance to get a high school
diploma, in big places on the job. Number 2 , we would provide 2-year
apprenticeship programs to high school graduates who don ' t go to
college . And community colleges are on the job. Number three, we '
d open the doors to college education to high school graduates
without regard to income. They could borrow the money and pay it back as a
percentage of their income or with a couple of years of service to our nation
here at home. Number 4 , we would fully fund the Head Start program to get
little kids off to a good start. And, 5 , I would have an aggressive
program of school reform, more choices — I favor public schools
or these new charter schools — we can talk about that if you want. I don
' t think we should spend tax money on private schools . But I favor
public school choice, and I favor radical decentralization in giving
more power to better-trained principals and teachers with parent
councils to control their schools . Those things would revolutionize
American education and take us to the top economically.


date = 2008-10-15
user = MCCAIN
Well, it ' s the civil rights issue of the 21st century. There ' s no doubt
that we have achieved equal access to schools in America after a long and
difficult and terrible struggle. But what is the advantage in a low income area
of sending a child to a failed school and that being your only choice? So
choice and competition amongst schools is one of the key elements that ' s
already been proven in places in like New Orleans and New York City and other
places, where we have charter schools , where we take good teachers and
we reward them and promote them. And we find bad teachers another line of
work. And we have to be able to give parents the same choice, frankly, that
Senator Obama and Mrs. Obama had and Cindy and I had to send our kids to
the school — their kids to the school of their choice. Charter
schools aren ' t the only answer, but they ' re providing competition. They
are providing the kind of competitions that have upgraded both schools —
types of schools . Now, throwing money at the problem is not the answer.
You will find that some of the worst school systems in America get the most
money per student . So I believe that we need to reward these good
teachers . We need to encourage programs such as Teach for America and
Troops to Teachers where people, after having served in the military, can go
right to teaching and not have to take these examinations which — or have the
certification that some are required in some states. Look, we must improve
education in this country. As far as college education is
concerned, we need to make those student loans available. We need to give
them a repayment schedule that they can meet. We need to have full student
loan program for in-state tuition . And we certainly need to adjust the
certain loan eligibility to inflation.


date = 1960-09-26
user = MR._NIXON
I ' m awfully glad you ge- got that question because as you know I got into it
at the last of my other question and wasn ' t able to complete the argument. Uh
– I think that the reason that I voted against having the federal government
uh – pay teachers ' salaries was probably the very reason that concerned
Senator Kennedy when in January of this year, in his kick-off press conference,
he said that he favored aid for school construction, but at that time did
not feel that there should be aid for teachers ' salaries – at least that
' s the way I read his remarks. Now, why should there be any question about the
federal government aiding s- teachers ' salaries? Why did Senator Kennedy
take that position then? Why do I take it now? We both took it then, and I take
it now, for this reason: we want higher teachers ' salaries. We need higher
teachers ' salaries. But we also want our education to be free of
federal control. When the federal government gets the power to pay teachers
, inevitably in my opinion, it will acquire the power to set standards and to
tell the teachers what to teach. I think this would be bad for the country;
I think it would be bad for the teaching profession. There is another point
that should be made. I favor higher salaries for teachers . But, as Senator
Kennedy said in January of this year in this same press conference, the way
that you get higher salaries for teachers is to support school
construction, which means that all of the local school districts in
the various states then have money which is freed to raise the standards for
teachers ' salaries. I should also point out this; once you put the
responsibility on the federal government for paying a portion of teachers '
salaries, your local communities and your states are not going to meet
the responsibility as much as they should. I believe, in other words, that we
have seen the local communities and the state assuming more of that
responsibility. Teachers ' salaries very fortunately have gone up fifty
percent in the last eight years as against only a thirty-four percent rise for
other salaries. This is not enough; it should be more. But I do not believe
that the way to get more salaries for teachers is to have the federal
government get in with a massive program. My objection here is not the cost in
dollars. My objection here is the potential cost in controls and eventual
freedom for the American people by giving the federal government power over
education , and that is the greatest power a government can have.


date = 2000-10-17
user = BUSH
Well, you know, it ' s hard to make people love one another. I wish I knew the
law because I would darn sure sign it. I wish I knew the law that said all of
us would be good parents . One of the things the next president must do is
to remind people that if we are going to have a responsible period in America,
that each of us must love our children with all our heart and all our soul. I
happened to believe strong accountability encourages parental involvement,
though. I think when you measure and post results on the Internet or in the
town newspapers, most parents say wait a minute, my child ' s school
isn ' t doing what I want it to do and, therefore, become involved in
education . I recognize there are some who just don ' t seem to care. But
there are a lot of parents who feel like everything is going well in their
child ' s school , and all of a sudden they wake up and realize that wait a
minute, standards aren ' t being met. That ' s why I ' m so strong for
accountability . I believe we ought to measure a lot, three, four, five,
six, seven, eighth grade. We do so in my state of Texas. One of the good things
we ' ve gone in Texas is we have strong accountability because you can ' t
cure unless you know. You can ' t solve a problem unless you diagnose it. I
strongly believe that one of the best things to encourage parental involvement
also is to know that the classrooms will be safe and secure. That ' s why I
support a teacher liability act at the federal level, that says if a
teacher or principal upholds reasonable standards of classroom
discipline they can ' t be sued. They can ' t be sued. I think parents will
be more involved with education when they know their children ' s
classrooms are safe and secure as well. I also believe that we need to say
to people that if you cannot meet standards, there has to be a consequence
. Instead of just comes the soft bigotry of low expectations, that there has to
be a consequence . We can ' t continue to shuffle children through
school . And one of the consequences to allow parents to have
different choices.


date = 2000-10-03
user = BUSH
We can make a huge difference by saying if you receive federal money we expect
you to show results. Let me give you a story about public education ,
if I might. It ' s about Kipp Academy in Houston, Texas. A charter school
run by some people from Teach For America. Young folks saying I ' m going to do
something good for my country. I want to teach. A guy named Michael runs the
school . It is a school full of so-called at-risk children. It ' s how
we unfortunately label certain children. Basically it means they can ' t
learn . It ' s a school of strong discipline and high standards. It ' s
one of the best schools in Houston. Here are the key ingredients. High
expectations, strong accountabily. What Michael says, don ' t put all these
rules on us, just let us teach and hold us accountable for every grade. That '
s what we do. And as a result, these mainly Hispanic youngsters are some of the
best learners in Houston, Texas. That ' s my vision for public
education all around America. Many of you viewers don ' t know, but Laura
and I sent our girls to public school . They went to Austin High
School . And many of the public schools are meeting the call. But,
unfortunately, a lot of schools are trapping children in schools that
just won ' t teach and won ' t change. Here is the role of the federal
government. One is to change Head Start to a reading program. Two is to say if
you want to access reading money, you can do so. The goal is for every single
child to learn to Read. there must by K-2 diagnostic teaching tools,
teacher training money, available. Three, we have to consolidate the
federal programs to free districts to free the schools and encourage
innovators like Michael. Let them reach out beyond the confines of the current
structure to recruit teach-for-the-children type teachers . Four, we ' re
going to say if you receive federal money, measure third, fourth, fifth, sixth,
seventh and eighth grade. Show us if they are learning to read, write, add
and subtract and if so there will be bonus plans. But if not, instead of
continuing to subsidize failure , the money will go to — the federal
money will go to the parents for public school or charter
school or tutorial or Catholic school . What I care about is children.
And so does Michael Feinberg. And you know what? It can happen in America with
the right kind of leadership.


date = 2012-10-16
user = ROMNEY
Thank you, Jeremy. I appreciate your — your question, and thank you for being
here this evening and to all of those from Nassau County that have come, thank
you for your time. Thank you to Hofstra University and to Candy Crowley for
organizing and leading this — this event. Thank you, Mr. President, also for
being part of this — this debate. Your question — your question is one that
' s being asked by college kids all over this country. I was in
Pennsylvania with someone who had just graduated — this was in
Philadelphia — and she said, " I ' ve got my degree. I can ' t find a job. I
' ve got three part- time jobs. They ' re just barely enough to pay for my food
and pay for an apartment. I can ' t begin to pay back my student loans. "
So what we have to do is two things. We have to make sure that we make it
easier for kids to afford college . And also make sure that when they
get out of college , there ' s a job. When I was governor of Massachusetts,
to get a high school degree, you had to pass an exam. If you graduated
in the top quarter of your airlines, we gave you a John and Abigail Adams
scholarship, four years tuition free in the college of your choice in
Massachusetts, it ' s a public institution. I want to make sure we keep our
Pell grant program growing. We ' re also going to have our loan program, so
that people are able to afford school . But the key thing is to make sure
you can get a job when you get out of school . And what ' s happened over
the last four years has been very, very hard for America ' s young people. I
want you to be able to get a job. I know what it takes to get this economy
going. With half of college kids graduating this year without a
college — excuse me, without a job. And without a college level job,
that ' s just unacceptable. And likewise you ' ve got more and more debt on
your back. So more debt and less jobs. I ' m going to change that. I know what
it takes to create good jobs again. I know what it takes to make sure that you
have the kind of opportunity you deserve. And kids across this country are
going to recognize, we ' re bringing back an economy. It ' s not going to be
like the last four years. The middle-class has been crushed over the last four
years, and jobs have been too scarce. I know what it takes to bring them back,
and I ' m going to do that, and make sure that when you graduate — when
do you graduate ?


date = 2000-10-17
user = BUSH
When you total up all the federal spending he wants to do, it ' s the largest
increase in federal spending in years. And there ' s just not going to be
enough money. I have been a governor of a big state, I have made education
my number one priority. That ' s what governors ought to do. They ought to say
this is the most important thing we do as a state. The federal government puts
about 6 % of the money up. They put about, you know, 60 % of the strings where
you have to fill out the paperwork. I don ' t know if you have to be a
paperwork filler-outer, but most of it ' s because of the federal government.
What I want to do is to send flexibility and authority to the local folks
so you can choose what to do with the money. One size does not fit all. I worry
about federalizing education if I were you. I believe strongly that the
federal government can help, we need to fund Headstart. We need to have
accountability . The Vice President ' s plan does not have annual
accountability , third grade, fourth grade, fifth grade. We need to demand
on results. I believe strongly in a teacher protection act like I
mentioned. I hear from teachers all the time about the lawsuits and the
threats, respect in the classroom . Part of it ' s because you can ' t —
you can ' t control the classroom . You can ' t have a consequence for
somebody without fear of getting sued under federal law. So I ' m going to ask
the Congress to pass a teacher protection act. So I believe in flexibility,
I believe in a national reading initiative for local districts to
access with K through 2 diagnostic testing , curriculum that works, phonics
works, by the way, it needs to be a part of our curriculum. There needs to be
flexibility for teacher training and teacher hiring with federal money.
The federal government can be a part, but don ' t fall prey to all this stuff
about money here and money there because education is really funded at the
local level. 94 % comes from the local level.


date = 2000-10-03
user = BUSH
The first is, the difference is there is no new accountability measures in
Vice President Gore ' s plan. He says he ' s for voluntary testing . You
can ' t have voluntary testing . You must have mandatory testing . You
must say that if you receive money you must show us whether or not children are
learning to read and write and add and subtract. That ' s the difference.
You may claim you ' ve got mandatory testing but you don ' t, Mr. Vice
President. That ' s a huge difference. Testing is the cornerstone of
reform. You know how I know? Because it ' s the cornerstone of reform in the
State of Texas. Republicans and Democrats came together and said what can we do
to make our public education the best in the country? We ' ve done a
long way working together to do so. The cornerstone is to have strong
accountability in return for money and in return for flexibility.
We ' re going to ask you to show us whether or not — we ask you to post the
results on the Internet. We encourage parents to take a look at the
comparative results of schools . We have a strong charter school
movement that I signed the legislation to get started in the State of Texas. I
believe if we find poor children trapped in schools that won ' t teach, we
need to free the parents . We need to expand education savings
accounts. Something that the vice presidentâ€ trade_mark_e s running mate
supports. There ' s big differences. He won ' t support freeing local
districts from the strings of federal money.


date = 2000-10-05
user = LIEBERMAN
Al Gore and I are committed to making America ' s public schools the
best in the world. I disagree with what my opponent has said. A lot of progress
has been made in recent years. Average testing scores are up and a lot of
extraordinary work is being done by tens of thousands of parents ,
teachers and administrators all around America. There is more to be done.
If you ' ll allow me, I want to go back to your last question. It leads to this
question. I think both of us agree that leaving aside the Social Security and
Medicare surpluses, there ' s $1 . 8 trillion in surplus available to spend
over the next ten years. As I said before we ' re being fiscally responsible
about it. We ' re taking $300 billion off the top to put in reserve fund. The
rest we ' ll use for middle class tax cuts and invest in programs like
education . There ' s a big difference between these two tickets. Our
opponents are going to spend $1 . 6 trillion of the $1 . 8 trillion surplus
projected on that big tax cut that Al Gore talked about the other night so
effectively. We ' re saving money to invest in education . You cannot
reform education and improve it in this country without spending some
money. Al Gore and I have committed $170 billion for that purpose. To recruit
100 , 000 new teachers to reduce the size of classrooms . To help
local school districts build new buildings so our children are not
learning in crumbling classrooms . And we ' re not just going to stop
at high school . We ' re going to go on and give the middle class the
ability to deduct up to $10 , 000 a year in the cost of college tuition
. Now, that is a tremendous life-saving change which will help people carry on
their education and allow them to develop the kinds of skills that will
help them succeed in the hi-tech economy of today.


date = 1996-10-06
user = CLINTON
I support school choice. I support school choice. I have advocated
expansions of public school choice alternatives and I said the creation
of 3 , 000 new schools that we are going to help the states to finance. But
if you ' re going to have a private voucher plan, that ought to be determined
by states in localities where they ' re raising and spending most of the money.
I simply think it ' s wrong to take money away from programs that are helping
build basic skills for kids , 90 percent of them are in the public
schools ; to take money away from programs that are helping fund the
school lunch program, that are helping to fund the other programs, that are
helping our schools to improve their standards. Our schools are getting
better, and our schools can be made to be even better still with the right
kind of community leadership and partnership at the school level. I
have been a strong force for reform. And, Senator, I remind you that a few
years ago when I supported teacher testing while in my home state I was
pretty well lambasted by the teachers association. I just don ' t believe
we ought to be out there running down teachers and attacking them the way
you did at the Republican convention. I think we ought to be lifting them up
and moving our children forward. And let me just say that budget that you
passed that I vetoed would have cut 50 , 000 kids out of Headstart. It
would have eliminated the AmeriCorps plan and it would have cut back on
student loans and scholarships. Now, it would have. That ' s a fact. That '
s one of the big reasons I vetoed it. We need to be doing more in education
, not less.


date = 2000-10-05
user = CHENEY
I think public education is a solution. Our desire is to find ways to
reform our educational system, to return it to its former glory. I ' m a
product of public schools , my family, wife and daughters all went
to public schools . We believe very much in the public school
system. But if you look at where we are from the standpoint of the nation,
recent exams. For example, the National Assessment of Educational Progress, an
independent testing service, shows there ' s been no progress on reading
scores in the last eight years. Almost no progress on math. The achievement gap
between minority and non-minority students is as big as itâ€
trade_mark_e s ever been. We ' ve had a significant increase in spending for
education nationwide, but it has produced almost no positive results. That
' s unacceptable from our standpoint. If you look at it and think about it, we
now have in our most disadvantaged communities , 70 % of our fourth graders
can ' t read at the basic level of understanding. We ' ve graduated 15
million kids from high school in the last few years who can ' t read at
a significant level. They are permanently sentenced to a lifetime of
failure . What we want to do is to change that. We think we know how to do
it. Governor Bush has done it in Texas. We want to emphasize local control
so that people here in Danville, KY decide what is best for their kids . We
want to insist on high standards. One of the worst things we can do is fail to
establish high standards, in effect to say to a youngster because of their
ethnic background or income level, we don ' t have the same kind of
expectations from you that we have from everybody else. We want
accountability . We have to test every child every year to know whether or
not we ' re making progress with respect to achieving those goals and
objectives. We think it ' s extraordinarily important. Probably the single most
important issue in this campaign. Governor Bush has made it clear that when he
' s elected this will be his number one priority as a legislative measure to
submit to the Congress.


date = 2004-10-05
user = CHENEY
Well, Gwen, there are several things that I think need to be done and are being
done. We ' ve, of course, been through a difficult recession, and then the
aftermath of 9 / 11 , where we lost over a million jobs after that attack. But
we think the key is to address some basic, fundamental issues that the
president ' s already working on. I think probably the most successful thing we
can do with respect to ending poverty is to get people jobs. There ' s no
better antidote to poverty than a good, well-paying job that allows somebody to
take care of their own family. To do that, we have to make America the best
place in the world to do business. And that means we ' ve got to deal
effectively with tax policy. We ' ve got to reduce the litigation costs that
are built into our society. We ' ve got to provide the adequate medical care
and make certain that we can, in fact, create the opportunities that are vital
to that process. I ' d zero in, in particular, on education . I think the
most important thing we can do is have a first-class public school
system. I ' m a product of public schools . And the president, his
first legislative priority was the No Child Left Behind Act. It was the first
piece of legislation we introduced. We got it passed that first summer on a
bipartisan basis. We even had Ted Kennedy on board for the effort. And it does
several things. It establishes high standards. It, at the same time, sets up a
system of testing with respect to our school system, so we can
establish accountability to parents and make certain that they
understand how well their students are doing. And they have the opportunity
to move students out of poorly performing schools to good schools .
It strikes me that that is absolutely the heart of what needs to be done from
the standpoint of education . It ' s also important, as we go forward in
the next term, we want to be able to take what we ' ve done for elementary
education and move it into the secondary education . It ' s working. We
' ve seen reports now of a reduction in the achievement gap between majority
students and minority students . We ' re making significant


date = 2004-10-13
user = BUSH
I ' d say, Bob, I ' ve got policies to continue to grow our economy and create
the jobs of the 21st century. And here ' s some help for you to go get an
education . Here ' s some help for you to go to a community college
. We ' ve expanded trade adjustment assistance. We want to help pay for you to
gain the skills necessary to fill the jobs of the 21st century. You know, there
' s a lot of talk about how to keep the economy growing. We talk about fiscal
matters. But perhaps the best way to keep jobs here in America and to keep this
economy growing is to make sure our education system works. I went to
Washington to solve problems. And I saw a problem in the public
education system in America. They were just shuffling too many kids
through the system, year after year, grade after grade, without learning
the basics. And so we said - Let ' s raise the standards. We ' re spending more
money, but let ' s raise the standards and measure early and solve problems
now, before it ' s too late. No, education is how to help the person who '
s lost a job. Education is how to make sure we ' ve got a workforce that '
s productive and competitive. Got four more years, I ' ve got more to do to
continue to raise standards, to continue to reward teachers and school
districts that are working, to emphasize math and science in the
classrooms , to continue to expand Pell Grants to make sure that people
have an opportunity to start their career with a college diploma. And so
the person you talked to, I say, here ' s some help, here ' s some trade
adjustment assistance money for you to go a community college in your
neighborhood, a community college which is providing the skills
necessary to fill the jobs of the 21st century. And that ' s what I would say
to that person.
