Because we will do what they’ve not done. You know, if you look at what’s happened over the last four years, we have gone from a $5 trillion projected surplus when George Bush took office to a $3 trillion projected deficit. They promised they were going to put $2 trillion of the surplus aside from Social Security. Not done. Not only that, it’s the biggest fiscal turnaround in American history. And there’s no end in sight. The Washington Post just reported they have several trillion dollars of additional tax cuts and spending, no suggestion of what they’re going to do about it. John Kerry and I believe we have a moral responsibility not to leave trillions of debt to our children and our grandchildren. So here’s what we’re going to do, to answer your question. To pay for the things that we believe need to be done — and I hope to get the chance to talk about health care and also about education, because we have plans on both of those subjects — what we’re going to do is roll back tax cuts. And I want everyone to hear this, because there have been exaggerations made on the campaign trail - Roll back tax cuts for people who make over $200,000 a year; we will do that. We want to keep the tax cuts that are in place for people who make less than $200,000 a year and give additional tax cuts to those middle-class families, tax cuts for health care, tax cuts to help families pay for their college tuition, tax cuts for child care. These families are struggling and hurting, and they need more tax relief, not less tax relief. But to help get us back on the path to a balanced budget, we also want to get rid of some of the bureaucratic spending in Washington. One of the amazing things that’s happened is they’ve actually layered on more supervisory people, people at the supervisory level, in this government. We also want to close some corporate loopholes. Now, I want to be honest with people. We can’t eliminate this deficit. People have heard that over and over and over in four years. We cannot do it. We’re in too deep a hole. But we can cut the deficit in half. And if we move, we can move this country back on a path to fiscal responsibility.