Thank you very much, Ann. I’ve asked in my security briefings why that is, and I can’t go into all the answers, et cetera, but let me say this to you. This president and his administration have told you and all of us it’s not a question of when, it’s a question of — excuse me — not a question of if, it’s a question of when. We’ve been told that. The when I can’t tell you. Between the World Trade Center bombing in, what was it, 1993 or so, and the next time was five years, seven years. These people wait. They’ll plan. They plot. I agree with the president that we have to go after them and get them wherever they are. I just think I can do that far more effectively, because the most important weapon in doing that is intelligence. You’ve got to have the best intelligence in the world. And in order to have the best intelligence in the world to know who the terrorists are and where they are and what they’re plotting, you’ve got to have the best cooperation you’ve ever had in the world. Now, to go back to your question, Nikki, we’re not getting the best cooperation in the world today. We’ve got a whole bunch of countries that pay a price for dealing with the United States of America now. I’m going to change that. And I’m going to put in place a better homeland security effort. Look, 95 percent of our containers coming into this country are not inspected today. When you get on an airplane, your bag is X- rayed, but the cargo hold isn’t X-rayed. Do you feel safer? This president in the last debate said, “Well, that would be a big tax gap if we did that.” Ladies and gentlemen, it’s his tax plan. He chose a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans over getting that equipment out into the homeland as fast as possible. We have bridges and tunnels that aren’t being secured, chemical plants, nuclear plants that aren’t secured, hospitals that are overcrowded with their emergency rooms. If we had a disaster today, could they handle it? This president chose a tax cut over homeland security. Wrong choice.