Well, let me speak, first of all, to what the vice president just said, and then I’ll answer that question. This, unfortunately — what the vice president is telling people is inconsistent with everything they see every single day. It’s a continuation of, “Well, there’s a strong connection between Al Qaida and Saddam Hussein.” It’s not true. It’s a continuation of at least insinuating that there’s some connection between 9/11 and Saddam Hussein. It’s not true. It’s saying to the American people, as the president said last Thursday, and the vice president continues to say tonight, that things are going well in Iraq, contrary to what people who have been there have seen, including Republican leaders, contrary to what everyone in America sees on their television every day — Americans being kidnapped, people being beheaded, parts of the country under the control of insurgents, even today, under the control of the insurgents. The vice president has still not said anything about what Mr. Bremer said, about the failure to have adequate troops, the failure to be able to secure the country in the short term. You know, remember “shock and awe”? Look at where we are now. It is a direct result of the failure to plan, the failure to have others involved in this effort. This is not an accident. Now, let me go back to your question. If we want to do the things that need to be done to keep this country safe, we can’t be dragged kicking and screaming to it. One thing that everybody does agree on is that 9/11 did change things. But what’s happened is this administration opposed the creation of a 9/11 Commission to find out why it happened and what we needed to do. They opposed the creation of a Department of Homeland Security, and then they were for it. We can’t react that way. We must be more aggressive. With John Kerry as president of the United States, we are committed to immediately implementing all of the reforms suggested by the 9/11 Commission, so that we have the information we need to find terrorists and crush them before they hurt us.