To the millions of fine decent people who did the unthinkable and took their country back in their own hands and put me on the ballot, let me pledge to you that tonight is just the beginning. These next 2 weeks we will be going full steam ahead to make sure that you get a voice and that you get your country back. This Thursday night on ABC from 8:30 to 9, Friday night on NBC from 8 to 8:30, and Saturday night on CBS from 8 to 8:30, we’ll be down in the trenches under the hood working on fixin’ the old car to get it back on the road. Now, the question is, can we win? Absolutely we can win, because it’s your country. Question really is who do you want in the White House. It’s that simple. Now, you got to stop letting these people tell you who to vote for, you got to stop letting these folks in the press tell you you’re throwing your vote away — you got to start using your own head. Then the question is, can we govern? I love that one. The “we” is you and me. You bet your hat we can govern because we will be in there together and we will figure out what to do, and you won’t tolerate gridlock, you won’t tolerate endless meandering and wandering around, and you won’t tolerate non-performance. And, believe me, anybody that knows me understands I have a very low tolerance for non-performance also. Together we can get anything done. The president mentioned that you need the right person in a crisis. Well, folks, we got one, and that one is a financial crisis. Pretty simply, who’s the best-qualified person up here on the stage to create jobs? Make your decision and vote on November the 3rd. I suggest you might consider somebody who’s created jobs. Who’s the best person to manage money? I suggest you pick a person who’s successfully managed money. Who’s the best person to get results and not talk? Look at the record and make your decision. And, finally, who would you give your pension fund and your savings account to manage? And, last one, who would you ask to be the trustee of your estate and take care of your children if something happened to you? Finally, to you students up there — God bless you, I’m doing this for you: I want you to have the American dream. To the American people, I’m doing this because I love you. That’s it. Thank you very much.