Thank you for your question. (LAUGHTER) I — there’s an old high school debating trick, which is to answer something and then attack your opponent at the end. You asked about promises. You were promised that Medicare would be reformed, and that Social Security would be reformed. You were promised a middle-class tax cut in 1992. It didn’t happen. There’s too much bitterness in Washington. There’s too much wrangling. It’s time to have a fresh start. One of the reasons I was successful as the governor of Texas is because I didn’t try to be all things to all people. When I campaigned in a race, a lot of folks didn’t think I could win including, by the way, my mother. (LAUGHTER) I said I’d do four things; tort reform, education reform, welfare reform and juvenile justice reform. And I won. And I had the will of the people in my state behind me. And then I brought folks together to get it done. And that’s what we need, I think, in this election. To me that’s what it’s all about. I’m sure your 6th grade kids are listening and saying, these guys will say anything to get elected. But there’s a record, and that’s what I hope people look at. One of my promises is going to be Social Security reform, and you bet, we need to take a trillion dollars out of that $2.4 trillion surplus. Now remember, Social Security revenue exceeds expenses up until 2015. People are going to get paid. But if you’re a younger worker, if you’re younger, you better hope this country thinks differently, otherwise you’re gonna be faced with huge payroll taxes or reduced benefits. And you bet we’re gonna take a trillion dollars of your own money and let you invest it under safe guidelines so you get a better rate of return on the money than the paltry 2% that the federal government gets for you today. That’s one of my promises. But it’s gonna require people to bring both Republicans and Democrats together to get it done. That’s what it requires. There was a chance to get this done. It was a bipartisan approach, but it’s been rejected. I’m going to bring them together.