We can make a huge difference by saying if you receive federal money we expect you to show results. Let me give you a story about public education, if I might. It’s about Kipp Academy in Houston, Texas. A charter school run by some people from Teach For America. Young folks saying I’m going to do something good for my country. I want to teach. A guy named Michael runs the school. It is a school full of so-called at-risk children. It’s how we unfortunately label certain children. Basically it means they can’t learn. It’s a school of strong discipline and high standards. It’s one of the best schools in Houston. Here are the key ingredients. High expectations, strong accountabily. What Michael says, don’t put all these rules on us, just let us teach and hold us accountable for every grade. That’s what we do. And as a result, these mainly Hispanic youngsters are some of the best learners in Houston, Texas. That’s my vision for public education all around America. Many of you viewers don’t know, but Laura and I sent our girls to public school. They went to Austin High School. And many of the public schools are meeting the call. But, unfortunately, a lot of schools are trapping children in schools that just won’t teach and won’t change. Here is the role of the federal government. One is to change Head Start to a reading program. Two is to say if you want to access reading money, you can do so. The goal is for every single child to learn to Read. there must by K-2 diagnostic teaching tools, teacher training money, available. Three, we have to consolidate the federal programs to free districts to free the schools and encourage innovators like Michael. Let them reach out beyond the confines of the current structure to recruit teach-for-the-children type teachers. Four, we’re going to say if you receive federal money, measure third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth grade. Show us if they are learning to read, write, add and subtract and if so there will be bonus plans. But if not, instead of continuing to subsidize failure, the money will go to — the federal money will go to the parents for public school or charter school or tutorial or Catholic school. What I care about is children. And so does Michael Feinberg. And you know what? It can happen in America with the right kind of leadership.