Let me say first of all that I don’t think there is any issue that is more important in this campaign, in this election, than the issue of war and peace. And since today is Eleanor Roosevelt’s 100th birthday, let me quote her. She said, “It is not enough to want peace, you must believe in it. And it is not enough to believe in it, you must work for it.” This administration’s policies have indicated quite the opposite. The last time I heard Vice President Bush blame the fact that they didn’t meet with the Soviet leader, and this is the first president in forty years not to meet with a Soviet counterpart. He said the reason was because there are three Soviet leaders in the past three and a half years. I went and got a computer printout. It’s five pages of the leaders, world leaders, that the Soviet leaders have met with, and they’re not little people. They’re people like Mitterrand of France and Kohl of Germany and President Kiprianou of Cyprus – you go down the list, five pages of people that the Soviet leaders have managed to meet with and somehow they couldn’t meet with the president of the United States. In addition to not meeting with his Soviet counterpart, this is the first president – and you’re right – since the start of negotiating arms control agreements who have not negotiated an arms control agreement, But not only has he not negotiated one, he’s been opposed to every single one that every other president has negotiated, including Eisenhower, including Ford, and including Nixon. Now, let me just say that with reference to the vice-president’s comments about the intent and the desire of the United Sites and this administration, the Soviet Union did walk out of the talks. I agree. But it seems to me in 1982, when the administration presented its Start proposal, that it wasn’t a realistic proposal. And that is the comment that was made by Secretary Haig after he left office, because what it dealt with was that it dealt just with land-based nuclear missiles, which is where the Soviets had the bulk of their missiles. But that aside, in 1982, I believe it was, their own negotiator, Nitze, came out with a proposal called the “walk-in-the-woods proposal” which would have limited the number of nuclear arms in Europe. That proposal was turned down by the administration – a proposal presented by its own administrator. Now I’m delighted that they met with Mr. Gromyko, but they could have had that opportunity to meet with him in 1981 when he came to the UN, which he had done with every other president before, and in 1982 as well. I guess my –