Well, tonight we’ve had a chance to talk a lot about the past. But I think it’s time to talk about the future. Our nation in the last eight years has been divided as never before. It’s a time for unity. It’s a time to draw ourselves together: to have a president and a Congress that can work together with mutual respect for a change, cooperating for a change, in the open for a change, so the people can understand their own government. It’s time for government, industry, labor, manufacturing, agriculture, education, other entities in our society to cooperate. And it’s a time for government to understand and to cooperate with our people. For a long time our American citizens have been excluded, sometimes misled, sometimes have been lied to. This is uh – not compatible with the purpose of our nation. I believe in our country. It needs to be competent. The government needs to be well-managed, efficient, economical, We need to have a government that’s sensitive to our people’s needs – to those who are poor, who don’t have adequate health care, who have been cheated too long with our tax programs, who’ve been out of jobs, whose families have been torn apart. We need to restore the faith and the trust of the American people in their own government. In addition to that, we’ve suffered because we haven’t had leadership in this administration. We’ve got a government of stalemate. We’ve lost the vision of what our country can and ought to be. This is not the America that we’ve known in the past. It’s not the America that we have to have in the future. I don’t claim to know all the answers. But I’ve got confidence in my country. Our economic strength is still there. Our system of government – in spite of Vietnam, Cambodia, CIA, Watergate – is still the best system of government on earth. And the greatest resource of all are the two hundred and fifteen million Americans who have within us the strength, the character, the intelligence, the experience, the patriotism, the idealism, the compassion, the sense of brotherhood on which we can rely in the future to restore the greatness to our country We ought not to be excluded from our government anymore. We need a president who can go in – who derives his strength from the people. I owe the special interests nothing. I owe everything to you, the people of this country. And I believe that we can bind our wounds. I believe that we can work together. And I believe that if we can tap the tremendous untapped reservoir of innate strength in this country, that we can once again have a government as good as our people, and let the world know what we still know and hope for – that we still live in the greatest and the strongest and the best country on earth.