Well, I’ve been through this before, Mr. Gannon, as the governor of Georgia. When I took aver we had uh a bureaucratic mess, like we have in Washington now, and we had three hundred agencies, departments, bureaus, commissions – uh some uh – fully budgeted, some not, but all having responsibility to carry out that was in conflict. And we cut those three hundred – uh agencies and so forth down substantially. We eliminated two hundred and seventy-eight of them. We set up a simple structure of government that could be administrated fairly and it was a – a tremendous success. It hasn’t been undone since I was there. It resulted also in an ability to reshape our court system, our prison system, our education system, our mental health programs and – and a clear assignment of responsibility and – and authority and also to have uh our people once again understanding control our government. I intend to do the same thing if I’m elected president. When I get to Washington, coming in as an outsider, one of the major responsibilities that – that I will have on my shoulder is a complete reorganization of the – of the executive branch of government. We now have uh – a greatly expanded White House staff. When Mr. Nixon went in office, for instance, we had three and a half million dollars spent on – on the White House and its staff. That has escalated now to sixteen and a half million dollars, in the last uh Republican administration. This needs to be changed. We need to put the responsibilities back on the cabinet members. We also need to have a great reduction in agencies and programs. For instance, we now have uh – in the health area three hundred and two different programs administered by eleven major departments and agencies, sixty other advisory commissions responsible for this. Medicaid’s in one agency; Medicare is in a different one. The – the check on the quality of health care is in a different one. None of them uh are responsible for health care itself. This makes it almost impossible for us to have a good health program. We have uh – just advocated uh – this past week a consolidation of the responsibilities for energy. Our country now has no comprehensive energy program or policy. We have twenty different agencies in the federal government responsible for the production, the regulation, the uh – information about energy, the conservation of energy, spread all over government. This is a – a gross waste of money, so tough, competent management of government, giving us a simple efficient purposeful and manageable government would be a great step forward and if I’m elected – and I intend to be – then it’s gonna be done.