No, I think his strategy not only was correct but is correct. You’ve got to go back where we were. Clearly, when we came into office, the American people recognized that we had slipped into positions of inferiority on various things. Some of our planes, as the president points out, were older than the pilots; ships that couldn’t go out to sea. And you had a major problem with the military. Actually, the morale wasn’t very good either. So we have had to strengthen the military and we’re well on the way to getting that job done. America is back in terms of military strength, in terms of our ability to deter aggression and keep the peace. At the same time, however, we have made proposals and proposals and proposals – sound proposals – on reducing nuclear weapons. The Strategic Arms Reduction Talks were good proposals, and it’s the Soviets who left the table. The Intermediate Nuclear Force Talks were sound talks, and I wish the Soviet Union had continued them. The chemical weapon treaty to ban all chemical weapons, it was our initiative, not the Soviets. And we wish they would think anew and move forward to verification so everybody would know whether the other side was keeping its word. But, much more important, you’d reduce the level of terror. Similarly, we’re reducing – trying to talk to them, and are talking to them, in Vienna, about conventional force reduction. We’ve talked to them about human rights. I’ve met with Mr. Andropov and Mr. Chernenko, and we mention and we try to do something about the human rights question. The suppression of Soviet Jews is absolutely intolerable and so we have to keep pushing forward on the moral grounds as well as on the arms reduction ground. But it is my view that because this president has been strong, and because we’ve addressed the imbalances – and I think we’re very close to getting that job done – the Soviets are more likely to make a deal. The Soviets made an ABM treaty when they felt we were going to deploy an ABM system. So I am optimistic for the future, once they realize that they will have this strong, principled president to negotiate with, strong leadership, and yet with demonstrable flexibility on arms control.