Well, Mr. Ford takes the uh – same attitude that the Republicans always take. In the last three months before an election, they’re always for the programs that they always fight the other three-and-one-half years. Uh – I remember when uh – Herbert Hoover was against uh – jobs for people. I remember when Alf Landon was against Social Security and uh – later President Nixon, sixteen years ago, was telling the public that John Kennedy’s proposals would bankrupt the country and would double the cost. The best thing to do is to look at the record uh – of Mr. Ford’s Administration and Mr. Nixon’s before his. Uh – we had last year a $65 billion deficit – the largest deficit in the history of our country – more of a deficit spending than we had in the entire eight-year period under President Johnson and President Kennedy. We’ve got five hundred thousand more Americans out of jobs today than were out of work three months ago and since Mr. Ford’s been in office two years, we’ve had a 50 percent increase in unemployment from five million people out of work to two and a half million more people out of work and a total of seven and a half million. We’ve also got uh – a comparison between himself and Mr. Nixon. He’s got four times the size of the deficits that Mr. Nixon even had himself. This uh – talking about more people at work – uh is distorted because with a 14 percent increase in the cost of living in the last uh – two years, it means that – that women and young people have had to go to work when they didn’t want to because their fathers didn’t make enough to pay the increased cost of uh – food and uh housing and clothing. We have uh – in this last uh two years alone a hundred and twenty billion dollars total deficits under President Ford and uh – at the same time we’ve had, in the last eight years, a doubling in the number of bankruptcies for small business: we’ve had a negative growth in our – in our national economy measured in real dollars. The take-home pay of a worker in this country is actually less now than it was in 1968 – measured in real dollars. This is the kind of record that’s there and talk about the future and a drastic change or conversion on the part of Mr. Ford as of last minute is one that just doesn’t go.