Well, Mr. Cater, of course it’s a criticism that uh – is being made. Uh – I obviously don’t think it’s valid. I have supported the Administration’s position and I think that that position has been correct; I think my position has been correct. As far as Indochina was concerned, I stated over and over again that it was essential during that period that the United States make it clear that we would not tolerate Indochina falling under Communist domination. Now, as a result of our taking the strong stand that we did, the civil war there was ended; and today, at least in the south of Indochina, the Communists have moved out and we do have a strong, free bastion there. Now, looking to the U-2 flights, I would like to point out that I have been supporting the President’s position throughout. I think the President was correct in ordering these flights. I think the President was correct, certainly, in his decision to continue the flights while the conference was going on. I noted, for example, in reading a – uh – a – a particular discussion that Senator Kennedy had with Dave Garroway shortly after the uh – his statement about regrets, that uh – he made the statement that he felt that these particular flights uh – were ones that shouldn’t have occurred right at that time, and the indication was how would Mr. Khrushchev had felt if we had uh – had a flight over the uni- how would we have felt if Mr. Khrushchev ha – uh – had a flight over the United States while uh – he was visiting here. And the answer, of course, is that Communist espionage goes on all the time. The answer is that the United States can’t afford to have a es- an es – a espionage lack or should we s- uh – lag – or should I say uh – an intelligence lag – any more than we can afford to have a missile lag. Now, referring to your question with regard to Quemoy and Matsu. What I object to here is the constant reference to surrendering these islands. Senator Kennedy quotes the record, which he read from a moment ago, but what he forgets to point out is that the key vote – a uh – vote which I’ve referred to several times – where he was in the minority was one which rejected his position. Now, why did they reject it? For the very reason that those Senators knew, as the President of the United States knew, that you should not indicate to the Communists in advance that you’re going to surrender an area that’s free. Why? Because they know as Senator Kennedy will have to know that if you do that you encourage them to more aggression.