Margaret, may I go back and just say to the vice president that I didn’t raid the pension fund of Massachusetts you are dead wrong, George, we didn’t do that. As a matter of fact, I’m the first governor in the history of my state to fund that pension system, and I’m very proud of that. (Applause) I have been in politics for twenty-five years, Margaret; I’ve won a lot of elections, I’ve lost a few, as you know, and learned from those losses. I won the Democratic nomination in fifty-one separate contests. I think I’m a reasonably likable guy. (Laughter, scattered applause) I’m serious though I think I’m a little more lovable these days than I used to be back in my youth when I began in my state legislature. But I’m also a serious guy. I think the presidency of the United States is a very serious office, and I think we have to address these issues in a very serious way. So I hope and expect that I will be liked by the people of this country as president of the United States; I certainly hope I will be liked by them on the 8th of November. (Laughter) But I also think it’s important to be somebody who is willing to make those tough choices. Now, we have just heard two or three times from the vice president: he’s not going to raise taxes. I repeat, within days after you made that pledge, you broke it; you said, well, maybe as a last resort we’ll do it. And you supported legislation this year that’s involved tax increases not once, but twice. So that pledge isn’t realistic, and I think the vice president knows it; I think the people of this country know it. The fact of the matter is that the next president of the United States is going to have to go to the White House seriously, he is going to have to work with the Congress seriously he can’t turn to the Congress and blame them for the fact that we don’t have a balanced budget and that we have billions and billions of dollars in red ink. And I am going to be a president who is serious, I hope and expect will be liked by the American people. But more than that, to do the kind of job that I’m elected to do, will do it with as much good humor as I can, but at the same time will do it in a way which will achieve the goals we want for ourselves and our people. And I think we know what they are: a good strong future, a future in which there is opportunity for all of our citizens.