You know, I wasn’t going to say this at all, but I can’t help it. There you go again.  I don’t have a plan to tax — or increase taxes. I’m not going to increase taxes. I can understand why you are, Mr. Mondale, because as a Senator you voted 16 times to increase taxes. Now, I believe that our problem has not been that anybody in our country is undertaxed; it’s that government is overfed. And I think that most of our people — this is why we had a 25-percent tax cut across the board which maintained the same progressivity of our tax structure in the brackets on up. And, as a matter of fact, it just so happens that in the quirks of administering these taxes, those above $50,000 actually did not get quite as big a tax cut percentage-wise as did those from 50,000 down. From 50,000 down, those people paid two-thirds of the taxes, and those people got two-thirds of the tax cut. Now, the Social Security tax of ’77 — this indeed was a tax that hit people in the lower brackets the hardest. It had two features. It had several tax increases phased in over a period of time — there are two more yet to come between now and 1989. At the same time every year, it increased the amount of money — virtually every year, there may have been one or two that were skipped in there — that was subject to that tax. Today it is up to about $38,000 of earnings that is subject to the payroll tax for Social Security. And that tax, there are no deductions, so a person making anywhere from 10, 15, 20 — they’re paying that tax on the full gross earnings that they have after they have already paid an income tax on that same amount of money. Now, I don’t think that to try and say that we were taxing the rich, and not the other way around, it just doesn’t work out that way. The system is still where it was with regard to the progressivity, as I’ve said, and that has not been changed. But if you take it in numbers of dollars instead of percentage, yes, you could say, well, that person got 10 times as much as this other person. Yes, but he paid 10 times as much, also. But if you take it in percentages, then you find out that it is fair and equitable across the board.