Well, Andrea, today we have 13,000 strategic nuclear warheads, on land, on air and in the sea. That’s an incredibly powerful nuclear deterrent. I don’t rule out modernization, and there are discussions going on now in the Congress, I know with the Pentagon, about a less expensive modernized land-based leg of the triad. But there are limits to what we can spend. There are limits to this nation’s ability to finance these weapons systems. And one of the things that the Vice President either ignores or won’t address is the fact that you can’t divorce our military security from our economic security. How can we build a strong America militarily that’s teeter-tottering on a mountain of debt? And if we go forward with the kinds of policies that the Vice President is suggesting tonight and has in the past, that debt is going to grow bigger and bigger and bigger. So military security and economic security go hand in hand. And we will have a strong and effective and credible nuclear deterrent. We’re going to have conventional forces that are well maintained, well equipped, well trained, well supported. And we have serious problems with our conventional forces at the present time, and they’ll get worse unless we have a president who is willing to make some of these decisions. And we also have important domestic priorities, in education and housing and health care, in economic development, in job training, in the environment. And all of these things are going to have to be addressed. That’s why I say again to all of you out there who have to deal with your household budgets and know how difficult it is that the next President has to do the same. I want the men and women of our Armed Forces to have the support they need to defend us; the support they need when they risk our lives to keep us free and to keep this country free. But we cannot continue to live on a credit card. We cannot continue to tell the American people that we’re going to build all of these systems, and at the same time, invest in important things here at home, and be serious about building a strong and good America. And that’s the kind of America I want to build.