I don’t believe it does. Uh – I began campaigning uh – twenty-two months ago. At that time, nobody thought I had a chance to win. Uh – very few people knew who I was. I came from a tiny town, as you know, Plains, and didn’t hold public office, didn’t have very much money. And my first organization was just four or five people plus my wife and my children, my three sons and their wives. And we won the nomination by going out into the streets – barbershops, beauty parlors, restaurants, stores, in factory shift lines also in farmers’ markets and livestock sale barns – and we talked a lot and we listened a lot and we learned from the American people. And we built up uh – an awareness among the uh – voters of this country, particularly those in whose primaries I entered – thirty of them, nobody’s ever done that before – about who I was and what I stood for. Now we have a very, very wide-ranging group of advisers who help me prepare for these debates and who teach me about international economics, and foreign affairs, defense matters, health, education, welfare, government reorganization. I’d say, several hundred of them. And they’re very fine and very highly qualified. The one major decision that I have made since acquiring the nomination, and I share this with President Ford, is the choice of a vice president. I think this should be indicative of the kind of leaders I would choose to help me if I am elected. I chose Senator Walter Mondale. And the only criterion I ever put forward in my own mind was who among the several million people in this country would be the best person qualified to be president, if something should happen to me and to join me in being vice president if I should serve out my term. And I’m convinced now, more than I was when I got the nomination, that Walter Mondale was the right choice, And I believe this is a good indication of the kind of people I would choose in the future. Mr. Ford has had that same choice to make. I don’t want to say anything critical of Senator Dole, but I’ve never heard Mr. Ford say that that was his prim- primary consideration – Who is the best person I could choose in this country to be president of the United States? I feel completely at ease knowing that someday Senator Mondale might very well be president. In the last five pres- vice presidential uh – nominees, uh – incumbents, three of them have become president. But I think this is indicative of what I would do.