Terrorism is very, very difficult to slop. And I think everybody knows that. We had ambassadors killed in Sudan and the Lebanon some time ago, a long time ago. When you see the Israeli building in Lebanon after the death of our marines you see that, hit by terrorism, the Israelis, with all their experience fighting terrorism, you know it’s difficult. When you see Khomeini wraith his radical Islam resorting to government-sponsored terrorism, it’s very difficult. The intelligence business can do a good job, and I’m always one that defends the Central Intelligence Agency. I believe we ought to strengthen it and I believe we still have the best foreign intelligence business in the world. But it is very difficult to get the source information that you need to go after something as shadowy as international terror. There was a difference between Iran and what happened in Lebanon. In Iran you had a government holding a U.S. embassy; the government sanctioning the takeover of that embassy by those students; the government negotiating with the United States government for their release. In Lebanon, in the terror that happened at the embassy, you have the government there, Mr. Gemayel, that wants to help fight against terrorism. But because of the melee in the Middle East, it’s there today and has been there yesterday and the day before, and everyone that’s had experience in that area knows, it is a very different thing. So what we’ve got to do is use absolutely the best security possible. I don’t think you can go assigning blame. The president, of course, is the best I’ve ever seen at accepting that. He’s been wonderful about it in absolutely everything that happens. But I think fair-minded people that really understand international terror know that it’s very hard to guard against. And the answer then really lies in the Middle East and terrorism happening all over the world, is a solution to the Palestine question, the follow on to Camp David under the umbrella of the Reagan September of 1982 initiative. That will reduce terror, it won’t eliminate it.